Chapter 104: Taking On The Enemy'S Mission Is Very Interesting

Junwen

Dierdre’s transformed acolyte walked out from the tower, heading deeper underground.

It was good that she had come out! This meant that he had escaped from the tiger's den. This transformation infiltration was no longer reliable. It was more important to give up on the mission and run. Without thinking, Da Fei immediately followed up from the roof and walls, trying to contact her.

After passing through the layers of construction sites, construction sites, and lava pools, Dierdre arrived at the back of the Demon Camp. There was no one there. Da Fei could finally talk to her, so he descended from the sky.

Deirdre said in surprise, “Master!”

Although she was wearing a mask, her voice was still crisp and charming. Her black robe could not hide her charming figure. F*ck, are you sure you transformed?

Da Fei hurriedly said, "There's a change in the situation. We can't get rid of the Hero named Cyreal who controls the Magic Tower. Give up the mission and run."

Deirdre sighed. "I managed to sneak into the Magic Tower, but a Mage instructor hero suddenly came from the back of hell to train apprentices. I was caught—but I didn't want to miss this opportunity!"

Dafei said in surprise, "Opportunity?"

Deirdre nodded. "That's right. This Cyreal is a famous demon mentor. Under normal circumstances, we wouldn't even see him. If it weren't for the fact that many magic towers were expanded at the last minute in this war, and many apprentices were drawn in, and the Master's attack exposed serious problems, this demon mentor wouldn't have appeared. Legend has it that he trained many famous hero generals. If I can do well and gain his appreciation, I might be able to receive the revelation of becoming a hero!"

Da Fei said anxiously, "No, no! If the mission is not completed, you will be in danger!"

Deirdre smiled. “Mages are rare talents in any race. Although there are large numbers of Mages in Hell, they’re still not enough. The current situation is proof. So as long as acolytes don’t make any major mistakes, they won’t be easily dealt with. Although the other party scolded them fiercely,—”

Deirdre chuckled and leaned softly against Da Fei, saying gently, "But how can a man bear to kill a woman?"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! What the heck, this is a story that the female students and professors in the legends have to tell? Fortunately, this is a game. Otherwise, I would have immediately destroyed that broken tower and crushed it to death!

Da Fei sighed. It seemed like she was determined to take this risk. He could not open up the situation now. It would be useless even if she escaped. She could not rely on the Flower Goblin Battalion to save soldiers, right? He did not know how to groom her into a hero, so he might as well do as she said. As long as she became a hero, he would not have to worry about her safety. Then, he would help her. Even if she could not become a hero, as long as he could gain more trust, it would be beneficial for him.

Da Fei asked, "Can I help with this Vengeful Spirit clearing mission?"

Deirdre smiled. “Thank you for your support, Master. I am indeed in urgent need of help! If I complete my mission as soon as possible, I will be more easily appreciated.”

“Then let’s get moving.”

The so-called rift valley should be a dumping ground for the Evil Demons. All the creatures that resisted the Evil Demons were killed and piled up here, forming a mountain of bones. It was extremely smelly. And where there were dead people, there were usually Vengeful Spirits. Vengeful Spirits were very common mission monsters in the game. Their main manifestation was the Haunted House, pranks, and destruction. It was indeed very troublesome (scary). This was probably the reason why the mentor gave this mission.

As a Void Body, the Vengeful Spirits had excellent physical evasion attributes. They could also absorb the enemy's mana to replenish their health. They were called the most disgusting Level 3 Soldiers. However, their weakness was that they were afraid of Soul Screams, Banshee Howl, and other mental spells. And these two types of spells were still not known to Deirdre, who was known to be able to use mental spells in front of her mentor. They were indeed in desperate need of help. Da Fei, on the other hand, had two elite Charm Emperors with him. Under Da Fei's Attack and Defense boost, they were indeed powerful reinforcements.

Normal Banshee’s damage was low enough to restrict Chain Shot’s power, but Elite Boss Banshee was different. As a result, the line of fire flashed again, and all the wandering wraiths in the canyon were wiped out.

— System Message: Dierdri has completed the mission "Clearing the Vengeful Spirits in the Rift Valley" within the time limit. Please return immediately to look for Cyriel to report.

Deirdre said happily, “Thank you, Master! You’ve completed the mission so quickly. That mentor will definitely see you in a new light.”

Da Fei suddenly said, "Wait, there's one more!"

Deirdre was surprised. “There’s more?”

Da Fei nodded cautiously. That's right. There was still a red dot on Da Fei's small map radar. At first, he did not pay much attention to it. Only when he completed the mission did he realize that there was a monster that had yet to be cleared. This meant that this monster had not appeared yet.

Da Fei knew that the world in his Godly Reconnaissance Skill was different from ordinary players. Therefore, this monster that had not shown itself was probably a hidden Boss! Such a huge Bone Mountain and such a huge scene, it would be unreasonable if there was no Boss, right? Even if it did not show itself, it would be such a big red dot. If it did, wouldn't it be like a sun?

Spirits and Vengeful Spirits were usually defined as plane creatures, which meant that the other party should be hiding in another plane. The other plane was within the range of his God-grade Reconnaissance Skill and the range of the Illusionary Ballista! Now that he did not have the Illusion Ballista with him, he might not have the time to kill the boss. Therefore, according to the workplace principle, it was better to report early and late. After all, although the employees who acted on their own would surprise the leader, it was more likely that the other leader was dissatisfied.

Da Fei had a plan in mind. He immediately said, "It's time to make a huge contribution. It's time for Mentor to see you in a new light! Go back and report that there's a powerful Vengeful Spirit here. Ask Mentor if he wants to kill it! Mentor will definitely be surprised by your discovery and talent and agree to let you kill it. Then, we'll kill this Vengeful Spirit and give him a huge shock!"

Deirdre said in surprise, “Okay, I’ll report back immediately!”

Da Fei nodded. "Time is of the essence. Let's move quickly. I'll go back and get the ballista to deal with it!"

Da Fei set the two Succubus Emperors to be on their own and told them to stay where they were and hide. Then, he found a lava pool and jumped into it. Oh yeah! The fastest way to go back was to die! This was the convenience of the game.

Da Fei revived in the captain's cabin and rushed to the gun cabin to dismantle the Phantom Ballista.

• • •

At this moment, in the magic watchtower, Deirdre was looking around at the door, waiting for Erica's arrival.

* Rumble! * In the explosion of flames, Erica, who had finished patrolling the other watchtowers, appeared with a teleportation. His attitude was still arrogant. "It seems that you are very proud of your results?"

Deirdre immediately said, “No, Mentor—”

Erica shouted angrily, "Shut up! You're not worthy!"

Deirdre quickly said, “Reporting to General, although I have cleared out all the Vengeful Spirits, there is an even more powerful one hiding and not appearing. Should I ask General to kill it?”

As expected, the flames on Erica’s body shook. “A stronger vengeful spirit? How did you discover it?”

Deirdre smiled flirtatiously. "A woman's intuition…"

Erica laughed wildly. "Is that so? Then, as you wish, destroy it with your woman's intuition! I won't limit your time this time, but I hope you can make it for the shift transfer tomorrow morning!"

— System Message: Deirdre received the quest "Kill the Culprit in the Rift Valley!"

At this moment, Da Fei, who had finished loading the Phantom Ballista, saw this message and clenched his fist in surprise. "Oh yeah!"

F*ck, why am I not so happy when I accept missions from my own people, but so excited when I receive missions from the enemy? This is not good, not good…

(Requesting for all kinds of votes!)

c

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']