Chapter 107: Destruction Under The Eye

In a hellish bar in an underground garage in Los Angeles on the west coast of America, singing and dancing were everywhere. This was where the Supernova Team Hell was located.

Sawtooth Madness Saw David Peterson was completely unmoved by external factors. His pale face was fixed on an external laptop.

Captain Howell opened another bottle of beer and laughed heartily as he patted Curly Hair's thin shoulders. "Little buddy, don't be so nervous. It's still early for the battle."

Peterson shook his head. "No, Captain. According to external calculations, the war has been going on for less than 20 minutes."

Howell was stunned. "Didn't you say two hours? It's only been half an hour!"

Peterson said in a low voice, "The other party is advancing the mission progress again!"

Howell's eyes lit up. "So, this Chinese guy completed another branch mission in just half an hour!"

Peterson nodded. "Yes, for such a large epic quest, the rewards obtained from completing each side quest are unimaginable. Perhaps I can even guess who this Chinese guy is."

“Who?”

"Dafei, Duffy? It doesn't matter how he reads the name. The key is that he jumped three levels in just a few hours. Every time he leveled up, the progress would increase drastically. He is now ranked 649th in the world. His combat power must be very astonishing."

Howell took a sip of beer and said solemnly, "I know this person. He's very famous in China. He owns a huge old warship and cheated many businessmen in front of the Chinese media a few days ago. He's an out-and-out liar."

Peterson smirked. “Only politicians and liars have power and wealth, don’t they?”

Howell laughed. "If it's really him, the Japanese will probably suffer a lot. It's very difficult for the current players to fight against future battleships."

Peterson showed the captain a picture of a large ship covered in moss. "This Chinese man received help from the NPC beyond the system's limit. He has very powerful resources."

Howell chuckled. “Is that the Chinese’s best art of kickback negotiation?”

Peterson said seriously, "Such a huge amount of early-stage resources will snowball his strength. His strength is already a threat to us. We can't condone this Chinese man anymore. We have to behead him immediately! Just like how we killed those terrorists with drones. Of course, I'm talking about the game."

Howell laughed out loud. "That's right. The strength of our America cannot be challenged. The order that our America has set cannot be violated. We don't care if the other party has the intention to challenge us. We only care if the other party has the strength to challenge us. As long as the other party has the strength to threaten us, he will be our imaginary enemy. We have to strike first to stop the attack! Of course, I'm talking about the game!"

Then, he patted Peterson’s shoulder. “The Japanese are unreliable. This difficult task can only be completed by you! Your task is to stop him from completing the task and destroy his warship! It would be even better if you could plunder it!”

Curly Hair suddenly stood up and raised his middle finger in an irregular military salute. "Yes, Si * * *!"

• • •

At this moment, Da Fei descended from the sky and successfully sneaked into the largest drilling workshop in the middle of the lava pool. The grandeur of this workshop was really like a fortress. Compared to the rows of heavily guarded Level 6 Infernal soldiers, the Abyss Overlords, it was almost impossible to enter from the sky. Just like the defense on the top floor of the Magic Watch Tower, the enemy never thought of the possibility of landing from the sky.

Obviously, the job of this construction site was to drill into the lava from underground and distribute the scorching hot lava to the surrounding small workshops.

For fire-type demons, lava was sacred and noble. The hotter and purer the lava, the more powerful the demon would be. Demons would never throw the bones of their enemies into the lava to be cremated. Demons would not allow the lowly souls of small creatures to pollute the lava.

Lava was not only used to produce demons, but it could also be used for forging. That was what the dwarves did. Therefore, this construction site looked a little like a steel factory. The technology of the Hell Race was indeed very advanced. The small blacksmith workshops of the Human Race could not compare. However, the more advanced they were, the more destructive the players would be.

Where to begin the destruction?

Infiltration and destruction was a very imaginative job. It was definitely not as simple as using a rubber band as a slingshot to break glass. If he wanted to do something big, it would be best if there was an explosion effect. That's right, it would be best if he could blow this place up to the sky. And this kind of thing was usually the easiest to happen in the production line. The officials were unwilling to go to that kind of place. The people who went there had low status and low awareness. They were usually not very capable and were the easiest to do.

Da Fei crept along the ceiling and arrived at the largest workshop factory.

The factory was empty, red, and hot. The heat waves in the room caused his vision to be distorted. The bubbling sound of boiling lava resounded throughout the entire place, blocking the sound of talking. Very good, both sight and sound were good for stealth. Da Fei began to observe his surroundings.

There were huge circular lava pools in the factory. The red and black lava extracted from the machine was poured into the first lava pool, and the whole room was filled with steam and sizzling sounds. Then, the lava in the first pool was stirred by huge machinery and entered the second pool. After entering the third pool and reaching the last pool, the color of the lava had already become pure gold. This purified golden lava flowed through the pipes to other workshops.

Then, hundreds of thousands of Demonic Neonate pushed carts from the bottom of every pool, carrying soil that was emitting black smoke. This was what the Flower Demon Instructor said, the soil extracted from lava that could cause great damage to the World Tree?

So that was how it was! Even if it was just a game, the magnificence and division of labor in the Hell Arena was truly breathtaking.

There was only one place that was convenient to attack!

Da Fei stared at the valve behind the last golden lava pool. That was the key to sending lava to the other workshops. As long as he blocked that area or smashed the pipes, what would happen? At that time, all the lava in the pool would flow out and the entire factory would collapse from the lava! This was the real deal.

However, there was someone guarding this critical area! The vision of the factory was distorted, and it was impossible to see what was inside. However, judging from the blood armor on his body and the imposing manner of him holding the Flame Whip, he was either a hero or a boss! Even if he wasn’t the boss, he was still a foreman!

F*ck! Can you not play like this? How can such a hot A-list be a place for a big shot like you!

It looked like there was no hope. Even though he had two Succubus Emperors under him, they were only Level 6 soldiers. It was definitely not a problem for him to fight small monsters. Compared to Bosses with unknown strength, they were definitely not enough. Furthermore, it was unknown how many helpers he would get if he fought here.

Da Fei sighed in his heart. It looked like he could only smash a few pieces of glass. The Reconnaissance Skill was a Reconnaissance Skill after all. Although it was strange, it was still not up to standard. Only real strength was the way to go. Looking at the Boss standing on the high platform on the pool and looking like he was so arrogant, Da Fei was furious.

Wait! Speaking of which, seeing an enemy standing at the edge of a fire pit, anyone would feel a strong urge to give him a push in the heart, right?

At this moment, he was standing on the platform of the golden lava pool! Da Fei indeed had a strong urge to sneak over and push him out of the pot! The problem was, this was a game after all! If he wanted to push someone, he had to have the knockback attribute.

Repel? Da Fei's brows twitched. Didn't the Ballista come with Repel? He had given the Phantom Ballista to his sweetheart. However, the Ballista with 8 HP was still in his bag. After he went ashore, he was either busy looking for Markal or going to the cloister to kidnap people. He had forgotten to repair it. Anyway, Mayor Oseriman said that he would give him a dozen of them. He had really forgotten about his old friend!

Try it?

Even if he failed, it did not matter. It was time for the old cannon with 8 HP to retire. He did not feel any heartache. He directly shot three consecutive bolts and destroyed his anus. As long as one of the three shots was repelled, he would be overjoyed! Although demons were said to be born from lava, they had matured into a physical form. Falling into lava was not necessarily a bath. After all, it was a high temperature of thousands of degrees.

However, this was assembling a Ballista right in front of the enemy. Don't be too arrogant!

Tsk! Since I have nothing to do anyway, it's better than smashing glass. I'll use Phantom Walk, Stealth Move, and the heatwave in this construction site to distort my vision. Lava boil will cover up the sound. As long as I find an inconspicuous corner—Da Fei saw a pile of junk behind the Boss!

I'm playing with the ballista in the junk pile. Even if someone sees a few more items, they wouldn't think it's too sudden, right? This is Hidden Wood Forest! The only problem is that I'm too close to the boss! I can smell even if he farts!

Try! Placing the Charm Emperor in the distance, Spiderman quietly landed on the junk pile behind the boss and started work!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! There are powerful enemies near you, enter their alert range!

Da Fei's heart tightened. At the same time, he was extremely excited. This feeling was similar to when he was carrying the Artillery Chief Zombie on his back and assembling the Ballista. It was exciting and tense! Continue!

(Author’s note: The first day of October is at 0pm. I hope the readers will support me.)

Phone user please read m