Chapter 109: Guild Of Stars Is Acting

Junwen

All the Infernal players who had signed up for the battle in the Demon Lord Palace and had been on standby for a long time received a system notification.

— System Message: Faction war mission "Attacking the Pond of Light" has officially begun! Please stop the mission or battle within three minutes. You will be teleported to the China server's Exploding Flame City in three minutes.

At the same time, all the elven players with more than 10,000 merit points in China received a message.

— System Message: Faction war mission "Defend the Pond of Light" has officially begun! Players below level 30, please register at the Military Affairs Officer in front of the City Hall of each main city and await orders.

All of a sudden, the entire China server was in an uproar! Who would have thought that the battlefield would actually be in the China server? What was even more unacceptable to the elven players was that the Hell race had already been preparing for a day or two, and they were already starting to come knocking on their doors. And after registering, we were still on standby! This was too unfair, right?

Stars Guild was the largest professional player guild in China. Although the Dragon Slayer Guild didn't admit it, the guild focused on attacking the Elves. This sudden Kingdom War shocked everyone in the guild!

The guild leader, Everlasting Star, the guild commander-in-chief, Old Jiang, and the guild's spokesperson, the number one beauty professional player of the China region, Bu Feiyan, were immediately teleported to the capital of the kingdom, Faloran City, to accept missions. At the same time, they were looking for high-level NPCs to ask for more information. In fact, although they were high-end players during the open beta, they didn't know much about the Pool of Light. During the open beta, no one discovered the missions there.

At this moment, there was a sea of people in front of the registration area. Seeing so many players enthusiastically registering, Ancient One Star couldn't help but smile. These were all the resources of the guild. However, it wouldn't be good if all of you were blocking the front so that this guild leader couldn't register.

The Aeon Star commanded, "Move!"

“Roger that.”

Not long after, a few players from Living Mountain suddenly turned around and shouted, "Look! The president of Stars! And the number one beauty, Bu Feiyan!"

Immediately, more than ten people turned around and shouted in unison, “It’s the Aeon Star! Oh my god, everyone come and worship the Great God!”

Then, dozens of people rushed forward and surrounded the three of them. "It's really President Xing Chen! It's really the Almighty! President Xing Chen is out!"

"Beauty Bu Feiyan! I beg for your autograph and whipping!"

At once, all the players looked at the three people in the crowd!

Ancient One Star smiled and waved at the surrounding players. "This, I'm sorry. Time is precious. Everyone, hurry up and sign up. Right now, the Elves of the China server are facing all the players from Hell. We have a lot of pressure and time is tight!"

“President! Lead us to fight against the invasion of the Hell tribe!”

"Yes, yes! President, our China server is counting on you!"

The Aeon Star chuckled. "Of course! But we need to work together!"

A loud voice shouted, "Everyone, don't argue, don't make a fuss. President Xing Chen is very busy. The mission to resist the multinational forces is very important. Everyone, move aside and let the President accept the mission first!"

"Yes, the leader will take over first!" "Everyone, make way, make way!" Instantly, many "normal players" began to disperse the crowd, creating a clear path.

Ancient One Star shook his head and smiled bitterly. "I'm really sorry for disturbing everyone. I won't be pretentious anymore. The enemy is very powerful. We must unite and fight together!"

"Everyone, listen to the president!"

"Guild leader, I want to join your guild!"

"President, I want to play basketball!"

"President, I want to play football!"

"Bu Feiyan, you are my life!"

• • •

At this moment, two level 17 players at the edge of the crowd were tiptoeing as they looked at the three people in the crowd.

The ranger called Invincible Vigour said in surprise, "What does this president do? Why do so many people know him?"

The Invincible Armament Soldier snorted. "Ignorant, the number one guild leader of the Three Great Guilds in China! He's a big shot in the game, has hundreds of thousands of guild members, and a thousand professional players under him. His name is Chengdu Star Cluster. His target is a professional team that can take down the entire world."

Brother Wudi said in surprise, "He took down the entire world in one go?"

The Invincible Armament Soldier snorted coldly and said, "You think? Do you know the international situation? Our China does not have any allies in the world, so our situation in the game is also very delicate. If not for the fact that we have more people, we would have been wiped out long ago. Alright, don't ask so much. Hurry up and submit the previous mission. The teleportation fee for the two of them is 340 gold coins. They are so poor. I applied for the highest difficulty level for this mission. It can only succeed and not fail! If you succeed, you can become an official and you can reward the soldiers to participate in the Kingdom War. If you fail, you and I will go and pick up the trash!"

Recommending an app that was comparable to an old version of a book chasing divine weapon.

Unrivaled Super Hottie asked, "Can we join their guild?"

The Invincible Armament Soldier snorted. "No money! I'd rather be a chicken's head than a phoenix's tail! Us brothers are so free to do things alone. I'm the one who said that we should organize all the people who play games in our school and set up a 'Shen Dong Normal University's Hero Squad'. I'll be the president, and you'll be the vice president. You'll make a name for yourself and make a name for yourself. Then, after the new year, you'll recruit all the school belles from the various departments to be your spokesperson. Do you see that pretty girl called Bu Feiyan? That's the spokesperson for your image. At that time, all kinds of sponsors would come pouring in, and no one would be able to stop them even if they had a lot of money! In my opinion, that Ding Jiali of yours is not bad, no worse than that Bu Feiyan…"

Unrivaled Super Hottie's expression changed. "Brothers belong to brothers!"

The invincible soldier waved his hand. "Fine, fine, fine! Damn it, I mean that it's good that she has a roommate. She seems to be a beauty called Shen Fang. She doesn't go to class and plays games every day. We have to fight for this. I'll leave this mission to you!"

Brother Wudiwei said in surprise, "Who is Shen Fang?"

The Invincible Armament Soldier sighed helplessly. "There's no forest in sight. Just hang yourself by a tree! Go, hand in the mission!"

• • •

In the General Staff Department of the Elven Kingdom's palace.

As the top players of Guild of Stars and the top players during the open beta testing, the place that normal players would never be able to reach was the place where Ancient One Star and the other two often came. To be more precise, they had only been able to enter this place two days ago when they had gathered the entire guild's strength to donate money to the kingdom. Taking the high-end route had always been the best method for high-end players, and they would not hesitate to spend a lot of money.

At this moment, in front of a large magic map sand table, a group of Archdruid were nervously observing the situation. The terrain of the sand table was suddenly the pool of light with tree roots.

Ancient One Star bowed to a Druid chief of staff named Malfurion and asked, "Elder, the Infernal soldiers are approaching the city. Why are we still on standby?"

The Chief of Staff shook his head. "Our spatial teleportation technology isn't as proficient as the demon's. We can't follow the demon's pace. We have to wait for the right moment."

The Aeon Star asked in surprise, "Do we have powerful reinforcements?"

The chief of staff stared at the sand table silently. He seemed to be minding his own business as he said, "It has been a long time since the Infernal Race attacked the Lake of Light. However, it is both unexpected and reasonable for them to attack with full force."

The three of them looked at each other in confusion.

At this moment, all the Druids around the sand table exclaimed in surprise and admiration. One of the Druids moved a red building beside the sand table and went forward to report happily. "Great Elder, the underground burrowing sounds have stopped. Our hero has destroyed the main Lava Workshop of Hell Camp! All the small workshops of the enemy have temporarily stopped working."

The chief of staff laughed. "Good! As expected of the superheroes we selected!"

All the Druids applauded! The three of them were even more confused.

Bu Feiyan asked: "Elder, what is a superhero?"

The chief of staff laughed out loud. "This is a military secret! It's not convenient to tell you for the time being. In short, his appearance caused a strong backlash from the demons, causing the demons to mobilize their forces and expend large amounts of resources to assemble on a large scale. This way, we can achieve our strategic goal of using small advantages and big advantages to avoid exhausting the enemy! Now, we are waiting. When our superhero successfully recovers Yggdrasill in the Pond of Light and build a base, our army can use the power of Yggdrasill to teleport to the base and then annihilate the invading demons!"

The applause rang out again. The three of them were shocked. The NPCs believed that this superhero could build a base? What if he failed?

Old Jiang said with a wry smile, "I might have guessed who this superhero is."

Ancient One Star shook his head and chuckled. "He's just a pawn that I can use! It's time for me to have a good talk with Dragon Slayer. I want to see how Brother Horse will stand on my side."

Old Jiang smiled and said, “Boss Ma must be very conflicted, right?”

Ancient One Star laughed coldly. "It's fine if we didn't know about this beforehand, but if we were to say that he didn't know about it at all, I wouldn't believe it even if you beat me to death! I reckon that he has already thought of a way out. Other than cooperating with us obediently, he has no other way out. Challenging is also an opportunity. Our guild can make use of this opportunity in the Kingdom War to show off our might and level. We can push the image of our guild to the whole world and make our planet the undisputed number one guild in China!"

• • •

In the camp of the Evil Clan, a sharp alarm resounded through the underground world. Countless Demonic Neonate and the guards fled the scene in a panic. The entire construction site was engulfed in thick smoke and large amounts of lava flowed out, turning everything into ashes wherever it went!

The lava overflowed and headed straight for the coast. * Chi! Chi! * Large steam filled the entire underground space. The huge oarsmen that were docked on the coast fused with the molten lava, and it seemed like they could no longer be used.

Da Fei hung from the top of the high ground and laughed maniacally! He thought that since the valve was closed, the other party would definitely come to rescue him. Who knew that the lava in the pool was so docile and obedient? The moment it came out of the pool, it would be like a ferocious beast, melting iron into stone. In an instant, it burned a huge hole in the ground below the pool. The entire pool collapsed, and the pool of lava poured out! Once the chain reaction started, the pools fell one after another. Even God could not save them!

…

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']