Chapter 108: The Kingdom War Begins

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! There are powerful enemies near you, enter their alert range!

At this moment, Da Fei's map was flashing with red light. The system notifications kept flashing non-stop. Da Fei was so nervous that his heart was pounding and his palms were sweating! This feeling of assembling a Ballista under the enemy's eyes was indescribably exciting!

Two minutes passed. The Boss stretched! Da Fei was shocked.

Four minutes later, the Boss suddenly turned its head! Da Fei was so shocked that his hair stood on end!

Five minutes later, the Boss suddenly turned around! The warning sound effect on Da Fei's map exploded! In that instant, a chill engulfed Da Fei's entire body. Da Fei felt himself facing the Boss from all sides. Da Fei's respiration instantly stopped!

* Crash! * There was a loud sound as another bucket of newly emerged lava poured into the pool. The entire factory was filled with steam again. In the fog, the boss turned around.

Da Fei's back was drenched in sweat! What the heck, I was scared to death!

Eight minutes passed. The Boss looked around. You can't see, but you can't see! Da Fei was dumbfounded.

Ten minutes!

— System Message: Ballista has been assembled!

Da Fei finally let out the breath he had been holding in his chest! Success, he really succeeded! He managed to hang on for ten minutes in front of the Boss' ass. The assembly was successful! This long and nonsensical ten minutes! This was the victory of his God-level skill! This was the victory of his mental state cultivation base! This was a victory that he dared to think of! It would be unreasonable if he did not succeed! Da Fei suppressed his ecstatic mood. One shot, two shots, three shots. The loading was complete! Aim! As long as one of the three shots had a knockback effect, he would witness the arrival of a miracle!

— Ready! Wait!

Suddenly, Da Fei realized that his Luck points were changing! That's right, it was the effect of the hourglass of misfortune! Could it be that when the Boss looked back, the treasure started to take effect as a battle?

So that's how it is. Steady! Steady! Ten minutes have already passed. Do you still care about this moment? When my luck reaches its peak, I'll fire!

As time passed, Da Fei stared at his Luck Points and trembled with excitement! His basic skill had 1 Luck point, and the hourglass could increase his Luck to + 10. That was 11 Luck points, which meant that there was a 22% chance to deal double damage. He had three consecutive crossbows, so the 22% chance was really not high!

At this moment…

— System Message: Your enemy has been facing away from you for a long time. Your "Intelligence Analysis Skill" has discovered the enemy's weakness. Now, your attack will ignore the enemy's Defense by 25% to 50%.

Ha? That works too! Wahahahaha! Double happiness! Double defense, knockback, and close-range shooting! I've never felt so comfortable playing with the ballista. My ten minutes of pain in the balls is worth it, wahahaha!

+ 9! Da Fei's Luck Points were slightly increased by the hourglass.

At this time, another huge bucket of lava poured down from the drilling rig in the construction site. The entire factory was filled with steam again!

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! He could not wait any longer. It was the right time to take advantage of the situation. If he did not make a move now, when would he?!

— Fire the cannon! Da Fei decisively stepped on the trigger! A rainbow light rose! Da Fei clenched his fists in excitement!

— Boom! Boom! The first shot was fired. Even the loud boom in the factory couldn’t cover up the sound of the cannon being fired at such a close distance, but the boss only had time to tilt its head slightly! -1153! It hit the back of the boss’s head, and it spat out a mouthful of blood!

— Boom! Boom! The second shot followed closely behind! -541! The Boss screamed and was sent flying!

It was a knockback! Da Fei got up excitedly! At the same time, he was glad that he had chosen the right time. His screams were drowned out by the sound of the machine.

— Boom! Boom! The third shot! With only 8 HP left, the Ballista collapsed. At the same time, the Ballista caught up to the flying boss. The boss screamed again. -512!

— System Message: Your Ballista has been destroyed. You have retrieved the Adamantine indolent steel cap x8, you have retrieved the Adamantine indolent screws x13, Adamantine indolent steel cap x2.

Retrieving parts? But this wasn’t the time to be concerned about that. With a splash, the boss fell into the golden lava pool! -181! A huge burn damage popped out! The boss had sunk to the bottom! It actually didn’t die! How much blood did the boss have? How cruel was the world outside the barrier? Any boss would have a few thousand HP.

Beat him down! If he were to get up and call for help, what would happen? The Succubus Emperor, who was hiding in the dark, flew over.

Da Fei quickly estimated the damage of the Succubus Emperor. He had 19 Attack and 23 Attack Points. If he ignored a portion of the opponent's Defense, it would be about 40. If he increased the Succubus Emperor by 20 points, the average damage would be 200% and 60%. In addition, if his Master-level Archery Skill increased by 50%, it would be about 90 points of damage. If the two of them attacked together, it should be quite effective!

-171!

Two fire snakes shot out. "-101!" "-74!"

Ah! A blood-curdling scream! At the same time, two familiar white lights descended from the sky and enveloped the two Succubus Emperors once again! Haha! Wahahaha! My heart has grown tremendously again!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have killed the leader creature, "Monitor Bahzell". You received + 250,000 EXP! You received the [B] class Strategy Treasure, "Supervisor's Whip"! You received 5,000 gold coins.

— System Message: Congratulations! After an intense battle, your Succubus Emperor army has grown!

Da Fei let out a long laugh! What a perfect last hit! If he swam up and got burned to death by the lava, the reward might not even be on his head! If he did not take advantage of the fog to close the valve, then when!

Da Fei hurriedly rushed to the huge valve that the Boss was guarding. He excitedly flipped it—Chi! -8! Green smoke rose from the roasted meat! I'm hot! You can't play like this, right?

The two Succubus Emperors hurriedly flew over to help.

Dafei exclaimed, "Hey, hey, it's hot!"

"Don't worry, Master!" The two of them worked together, turning round. It was easy.

Da Fei was pleasantly surprised. They could speak and take the initiative to help. This Zhineng, this butt that seemed to have become bigger and round, it had grown more than just a little, right? Da Fei hurriedly checked their attributes:

— Leader of Growth: Demonic Creature. Attack: 29, Defense: 17, Damage: 21-31, Health: 210, Attack Speed: 11, Command Value: 14, Fire Resistance: 75%, Magic Resistance: 50%. Special Skill: Chain Shot, Flying Creature, Scout, War Plunder, Agility Evasion, Charm Skill.

Leader of the Succubus Emperors! Da Fei was so excited that tears streamed down his face. He had become a leader! He had finally become a leader! His little baby had become a big treasure. He could even take the initiative to help! Good, this was really great! It was not in vain that he had defeated so many Advanced Hero Bosses!

With a soft clang, the valve closed, and the lava level in the pool began to rise rapidly.

Da Fei laughed sinisterly. When they find out later, they will definitely come to rescue him. Then, I'll stay here and guard the skylight. If I encounter the weak, I'll kill them directly. If I encounter the strong, that will depend on the situation. Anyway, this position allows me to attack or retreat.

The valve door was closed, and not only did the workers not know, but some of them even started to sleep because the supervisor was not around. What the heck, you guys are really good! Why don't you ask the supervisor where he went? Did he drown in the toilet? This supervisor is really unpopular. Da Fei was laughing crazily.

‘ Let’s look at the loot now that we’re free.’

— Producer's Whip: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Support Equipment Position. Command Power + 100.

Da Fei laughed out loud! Support equipment position. So this whip was not a weapon, but a symbol of power. It was on the same level as my intern second lieutenant. It was indeed a [B] class! Wahahahaha, I really got what I needed.

— Adamantium Resilient Nail Steel Hat: In machines that have been used for a long time, there will often be some round and compact parts that have excellent compatibility. Their effects will exceed the new parts.

This is? The legendary old gun? This is a part of a ballista. Players can only buy ballista parts, but they can't buy parts of the ballista! Under normal circumstances, the ballista would be destroyed. How can there be any recycling?

Just as he was feeling puzzled, another large bucket of lava splashed down from the drilling rig. This time, all the pools were filled!

Crash! Crash! Crash! The boiling hot lava splashed down, and the entire scene boiled! Screams resounded throughout the entire scene, and for a time, the entire factory was covered in smoke!

Oh yeah! Big spending! I really can't do anything right! Da Fei finally couldn't help but laugh out loud!

Right at this moment…

— System Message: Your faction war mission, "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool" has officially begun!

— System Message: The enemy faction war mission "Attacking the Pond of Light" has officially begun!

— World Announcement from the China server: Notification! The war between the Inferno Tribe and the Elf Tribe in the various regions of the world has officially begun! The Gates of Hell has been opened, and the Inferno Tribe players from the various regions of the world are about to be teleported to the Inferno Tribe's city in the China server, "Exploding Flame City"! "Exploding Flame City" has become the battlefield area, and the nationality icons of the various countries are opened. Players can communicate with foreign players through the internal translation function.

— World Region World Announcement: Announcement! The Infernal Faction of the various regions of the world vs the Elf Faction of the Chinese region…

The entire world was in an uproar!