Chapter 106: Changing The Destruction Target

Junwen

Now that everyone had dispersed, Da Fei could finally dismantle the Ballista in peace. However, his feelings were very complicated. Sigh, as a parent, he had to give his child some pocket money or equipment. Although the Demon Mage did not care about the Phantom Ballista, he was still shocked when he first saw it.

Holy f*ck, this was the invention of Markal, a famous big shot on the Death Lord's official website. It wasn't something that a nobody like Cyriel could compare to, right? It was impossible not to be shocked, right? Perhaps if it wasn't for this amazing Ballista, Cyriel might not have accepted Deirdre just by killing a Boss. Perhaps when she had nothing to do, that Mage would want to take a look at this Ballista. If she couldn't take it out, wouldn't she be done for? Therefore, Lord had nothing to joke about. This Phantom Ballista could only be equipped to Deirdre for the time being. This was her capital to be valued.

Da Fei handed the packed Ballista and the "Maintenance Manual" Skill Book he found on the ship to Deirdre and reminded her, "You must be extremely careful!"

Deirdre did not have the War Machine Skill, so it was impossible for her to not have this booklet with the disassembling of the Ballista Skill. And Deirdre was not a hero. Even if a War Machine Skill Book was thrown in front of her, she could only watch and not learn it. This book was very important.

Deirdre happily took the equipment. “Thank you, Master. I can’t keep that tutor waiting. I’m going.”

"Go, go!"

Brother, how awesome and bold! The equipment for sending children to school were all Phantom Ballistas. In the whole world, which one was as big as me? This was the boldness of a tycoon with a net worth of 10 million, the USD that I was talking about!

Now, it was time to see what he had gained from this battle. Big Darling had gone to study and see how much Little Darling had grown.

— Growth Elite Demon Empress: Small Elite Demon Creature, Attack: 23, Defense: 14, Damage: 18-24, Health: 170, Attack Speed: 11, Command Value: 12, Special Skill: Chain Shot, Flying Creature, Scout, War Plunder, Agility Evasion, Charm Skill.

Da Fei's eyelids jumped in surprise. With his previous growth, his Attack + 5, Defense + 3, Damage + 1, Health Points rose from 141 to 170! This was indeed a Level 6 Weapon with attributes. Its HP was close to Level 7! As expected, the stronger the Boss, the faster its growth.

Then, let me see what this powerful Boss dropped.

— Tree Sprite Bow: [B] Rank Strategy Treasure, Supplementary Equipment Position. Heroes' Archery Effect increased by 15%.

Da Fei could not help but be stunned! The effect of Archery increased by 15%? Not 15%? That meant that the effect of Master Archery increased long-distance damage by 50%, and if it increased by 15%, it would be 57%?

Holy f*ck! Damage only increased by 7%. How could this guy have the cheek to be a [B] class Strategy Treasure? Are you kidding me? A random [C] class treasure + 2 Attack was equivalent to an increase of 10% in Damage. Furthermore, there was no distinction between long-range and close combat!

Wait, auxiliary equipment slot! Oh? This bow isn't a weapon? So that's how it is! Players have ten auxiliary equipment slots. If it's a weapon, it's definitely trashier than a C-level. If it's auxiliary equipment, then it makes sense.

Of course, that was just in the past. Compared to the A-rank auxiliary treasure, the Misfortune Hourglass, it was far inferior. Its inexplicable attributes were not worthy of being a B-rank. However, the equipment column was empty. I don't mind having more treasures, wahahaha!

Life is about killing a boss. Every time I kill a boss, I have a new feeling. I won’t get tired of killing a hundred times! Hahaha!

Finally, it was the Tree Spirit's Heart that was emitting an egg-like glow.

— Tree Spirit's Vengeful Spirit Heart: Quest Item. Using this item will trigger a hidden quest.

Da Fei shook his head and sighed. Another hidden mission! It had to be a hidden mission. If it weren't for the Godly Reconnaissance Skill and his high-tech Ballista, which player in the world would be able to find a way to force out this Boss? The problem was, he already had enough missions. His heart was pounding, and he really had no interest in doing any hidden missions.

However, it didn't matter. At this stage, it didn't matter how much debt he had. Let him experience the missions that required him to use such high-end skills and weapons.

Use! The ice shard flashed, and a new attribute appeared!

— Tree Spirit Vengeful Spirit Heart: After completing the mission, you will receive the reward of "Upgrade the upper limit of the ranger class by one level"!

— Mission Information: I used to be the Guardian of the World Tree, but I am now a vengeful spirit filled with regret and self-blame! Even death cannot erase my remorseful will! My stupidity, my carelessness, and my carelessness caused our guards to encounter a devastating ambush from the arachne race! The World Tree also fell for it! These maggots came from the demon space under the roots of the Luminous Pool, and maggots multiplied there! No matter what, this is my last obsession. Kill them all! Leave none alive! My hatred will give you new strength!

— System Message: You received information about the Abyssal Blood Pool.

— System Message: You have accepted the mission related to the Abyssal Blood Pool.

Looking at the negative energy rushing towards him, Da Fei was stunned for a moment. Was there a mistake? Increase the upper limit of the ranger class by one level? The same existence as the Blood Eagle Flute? In other words, this mission was specially prepared by an Elf player? What the heck! Did he consider the thoughts of other players? Also, the mission in the Abyss Blood Pool crashed. This was not the only way to tell players to accept the mission?

Holy f*ck! I spent so much effort to cultivate a divine technique, and I was so scared that I broke out in cold sweat. I even gave up my heart, and you're letting me see this?

Forget it. Anyway, this mission was picked up in passing to train Deirdre. He should complete it while attacking the Abyssal Blood Pool. At least he still had experience. However, not to mention the Abyssal Blood Pool, he was in a difficult situation now. What should he do next?

‘ Let’s go see Deirdre’s enrollment first.’

Now, Da Fei climbed up to the top of the main Magic Tower and used his binoculars to observe the situation in the watchtower. The other apprentices were all busy, except Deirdre, who was reading a book that seemed to be titled "Magic Introduction abc". Damn, it wasn't even a Skill Book. Could it be a kindergarten Enlightenment Book?

Speaking of which, what was the biggest difference between a hero and a soldier? That was that a hero had magic power and knowledge attributes, but a soldier did not! Although soldiers also had magic power, magic power did not equate to knowledge. This was the huge difference between knowing something and not knowing why. But even if there was a huge difference, a soldier with magic power was infinitely close to being a hero. In other words, if Deirdre could successfully obtain one point of knowledge through learning, then that would be the threshold to become a hero? I hope so.

Seeing that Deirdre was doing well, Da Fei was relieved.

What should I do now? With this mysterious mentor, it's almost impossible to steal the tower and save the Flower Goblin. F*ck, I'll change my mind. I'll destroy the construction site! I have nothing to do anyway.

That's right, from the conversation between that hero and Cyriel, it seemed like the two of them were at odds with each other because of the power struggle. Serene seemed to be taking over the defense of the magic watchtower. Well, that was a good job. If anything happened, she would be the first to be blamed!

Fine, seeing that you're my child's mentor, I won't mess with you. I'll go and mess with that Hell Baron. After he was unable to step down, you took the throne, so my Deirdre followed suit. That's probably the pace, right?

Better to take action than to be tempted. Da Fei cast his gaze towards the largest, most noisy, and most advanced construction site in the lava pool, which was like a drill platform! Not bad, this can arouse the players' desire to destroy. It's you!

…

c

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']