Chapter 102: The Infernal Race Of The American Region

Da Fei was looking at the large row of ships in the telescope in shock. SV Fly suddenly turned around, and Katerina shouted from the pilot's cabin, "Captain, the enemy's ships are all using fast oars to attack the ships. There's a ram horn installed at the bottom of the ship's bow. The destructive power is huge. Our ship can't be faster than the other party here. Once the other party rushes over and collides with us, the consequences will be unimaginable! While the other party hasn't discovered us, I'll hide now!"

Da Fei was shocked! That's right, the underground sea was calm and peaceful. It was the world of these rowing boats! What would happen if tens or hundreds of them chased after him?

At this moment, the flower demon instructor also flew over and pointed at the black smoke coming from the distant ship. "My lord, that's the * * soil extracted from the lava by the demons. It will cause great damage to the roots of the World Tree!"

So that's how it is! It seems like the mission of the players from the Hell race is to transport these soil into the Pool of Light and pollute it? F*ck! Are you kidding me? This mission is already so badly done, it can't be completed by me alone, right? Although I'm an outstanding young talent, even though I can fight ten by myself, I can't fight a hundred by myself, right?

Reconnaissance!

Da Fei sent a Succubus Emperor to sneak in quietly. Although Deirdre had warned the enemy to be on high alert, the shore was so noisy now, where else could they be on high alert? Speaking of which, during the battle to kill the hero, the Succubus Emperor's attributes had increased slightly again:

— Growth Elite Succubus Emperor: Small Elite Demon Creature, Attack: 18, Defense: 11, Damage: 17-23, Health: 141, Attack Speed: 11, Command Value: 12, Special Skill: Long-range Shooting, Flying Creature, Scout, War Plunder, Agility Evasion, Charm Skill.

Attack + 1, Health + 4! This was the growth from the previous battle.

However, killing an Epic Hero and killing Asmode would result in a leap in strength. Killing this old man would only add such a small amount of stats. What was this? A decreasing effect in the middle and late stages of growth? Or was the old man not as nutritious as a Level 8 Hero? No matter what it was, at least one thing was certain: the game was a game after all. It was not for players to do research or life engineering. The easiest way to increase biological combat strength was to fight!

Then let's fight! I don't believe that even such an impressive Level 8 army hero and a cunning hero were killed by me. What can you guys do to me?

Da Fei raised his binoculars and continued to observe the boats on the far shore.

If one looked carefully, those rowing boats were actually just a large, multi-person rowboat. The boat was low, and there were no Ballistas. More importantly, the boat was completely naked without any protection. It was completely exposed to the attacks of Ballistas and Forest Hunters. This meant that while they were charging towards him, he could shoot them down from above and stop them! In short, as long as he was not surrounded, he still had a huge advantage. Furthermore, he had a large group of Flower Demons to create chaos for the enemy ships. With the Air Force and Sea War, he really had an advantage! Damn, from the looks of it, this boat was an aircraft carrier? Wahahaha, in short, as long as the Hell Race did not have a Great Demon, everything was fine. Could the current players have a Great Demon? Impossible!

Therefore, I have to stay calm! Although there are tens of thousands of people, I will go forward!

However, regarding the scroll, I can't hold on to it! This is just like some people who won the second level lottery. Not only did they not like it, they would even vomit blood. "We're just short of an account! Back then, I wanted to fill in this account! I'm so angry!" Da Fei had never won an award before, nor had he won a second prize before. However, he finally understood how he felt now! The difference between millions and tens of millions was the difference between a second prize and a first prize. It would cause people to be conflicted for the rest of their lives! Not to mention that a second prize might not even exist in tens of thousands of dollars! This was called not having a clear mind and not having a good time to get rich. This was the pain of being rich!

How should I bid? It's so painful! Wahahaha! Anyway, I'll take a look at the forum!

• • •

On the west coast of America, Los Angeles.

In a garage at the bottom of a building, a group of teenagers with different skin colors were gathered together. Some were waving baseball bats, some were performing fancy skateboards, some were dancing on the street, and some were using spray paint to create artworks on the walls of the garage.

A door opened, and colorful lights, rock music, and women's laughter rushed out. The group of teenagers immediately lined up respectfully on both sides of the door.

A fat man walked out of the door and threw out a few notes. "Twenty cases of beer! Ten minutes!"

The teenagers responded loudly, "Yes! Sir!" In an instant, the teenagers ran out of the garage on their skateboards.

This inconspicuous underground bar called "* * * * * * *" was the branch of the world-renowned American Supernova Team Los Angeles' Team Hell. The people at the door just now were all teenagers who tried to join the team but were unable to. In order to show their sincerity, they treated this place as the gathering center and enthusiastically did odd jobs for the bar.

The garage was dark and silent, and the entrance to the bar was unremarkable, but the bar was indeed a completely different world. As soon as they entered, they were greeted by passionate pole-dancers dancing on the dance floor. The walls of the bar were filled with high-definition big screens displaying the game, and the beautiful bunny-eared waitress wearing only an apron chuckled as she delivered drinks and snacks to the team members who were lying on the sofa with helmets. Then, the team members would use their oily hands to smack the waitress's bare buttocks, causing a wave of laughter.

This was not hell. This was heaven that the garage teenagers yearned for!

On a large sofa in the middle, Captain Howell took a sip of beer and asked, "Peterson, how much longer?"

On the sofa beside him, a skinny and pale Curly Hair said angrily, "Even the Japanese aren't in a hurry. Why are you in a hurry?"

Howell laughed out loud. "I really want to see how ridiculous the Japanese are!"

Curly Hair shook his head. "It won't be more than two hours."

Howell muttered, “Why is it taking so long?”

"It has already been brought forward by a large margin. It should have been after 8 pm tomorrow. There is a very powerful player in the China server who is rapidly progressing."

Howell laughed. "Are you confident?"

Curly Hair smiled coldly. "Then let's see if the Japanese give me a chance to fight."

Howell laughed out loud. "Of course! The Japanese only know how to do business. Fighting a war is like a pig's brain. In the past, now, and in the future! Only our America is the strongest on Earth. In the past, now, and in the future! Neither the Japanese nor the Chinese can shake our position! Be it military, political, sports, or games! We have to let the Japanese know that even if it's a game, they will never be number one! What they have to do is to be obedient!"

Curly Hair laughed coldly. "I feel like puking every time I hear you show off your patriotism! I hear your broken leg crying!"

Howell laughed. "Child, that's a poem from hell!"

Howell, retired lieutenant of the United States Marine Corps, a fanatical patriot who strikes mercilessly at enemies who violate US interests and America's global interests, or rather a butcher who kills in the name of patriotism. He has no regrets in his life after his right leg was blown off by landmines in Iraq. Game ID: Wolverine (Wolverine). Heroes' specialty: Crush. Heroes deal 1% increased damage to small-sized creatures every time they level up.

Peterson, a former US sergeant and drone operator in Afghanistan, was a veteran hacker before enlistment. He was retired for using drones to kill people during his military service. Ordinary games were no longer enough for him, which is why he enlisted in Afghanistan, which is the last place ordinary soldiers want to go. Game ID: Sawaw.

His hero specialty was: Greater Demon Commander! Greater Demon's teleportation distance increased by 50%, Greater Demon's damage + 10.

That's right! The specialty of a level 7 soldier! The specialty of the legendary hero of the Infernal race, Xeron!

Hero Genesis was a game developed based on American Engineering, so America naturally knew more secrets than other partners. Although it was not to the extent of cheating, as long as one understood some of the mechanisms of the lottery, the chances of a powerful hero appearing was slightly higher than other countries.

Swasaw, who had this special ability, was born as a level 7 Great Demon Soldier! Only Great Demons could command Great Demons!

In reality, the quality of the Infernal Race in the American region was not inferior to that of the Japanese region, but the international image of the United States meant that the Supernova battle team could not develop the Infernal Race. Therefore, the account of the Infernal Race fell on a group of people who were more or less mentally abnormal due to various reasons for the resettlement of retired soldiers. In this artificial hell created by the bar, the hearts of this group of retired soldiers received true treatment, and only then did they truly display the highest level of eSports! However, their reputation was not prominent, and their realm was too high, so they had no intention of competing with those so-called professional players for fame and fortune. Perhaps only psychologists and psychiatrists knew what they were thinking.

Now that SawSaw had perfectly returned from the trial mission of the Purgatory's novice, he and his big companions couldn't wait to do something in the world.

• • •

The system prompt message pulled Da Fei back from the noisy forum. The reconnaissance Charm Emperor was back.

F*ck, what's the use of looking at the forums? I'm underground and can't trade with others. I'd better settle the mission honestly.

The Succubus Emperor reported, "Master! There's important information from the instructor!"

Eh? She can speak? Just as he was pleasantly surprised, a mission notice appeared.

Master, I've transformed into a demon mage apprentice and successfully infiltrated the enemy's main magic tower. This is a good chance to create chaos! I can operate this magic tower!

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Damn, as expected of my darling, so impressive!

(Ah, the unit conducted a security check before National Day…)

Phone user please read m