Chapter 103: Transforming Into Spiderman

Junwen

The progress of the game had its rules. Da Fei killed all the Mages in the newly built Magic Watchtower, so those old watchtowers had no choice but to send people to take up the post. As a result, the old watchtower was short of people, so after transforming, Deirdre naturally sneaked in. As for how Deirdre managed to sneak in, there was no need to worry about that. After all, this was a game, not scientific research. Whatever the NPC said was right.

Once he controlled a powerful old watchtower, what would that mean? Of course, he would kill everyone, especially the row of broken boats on the shore! Once he cleared them all, he would run away. Da Fei made a prompt decision and started his infiltration operation again!

Hence, Da Fei discussed a rendezvous plan with Katrina. SV Fly headed for the watchtower where Deirdre was. When they arrived at their destination, SV Fly was still hiding behind the tree roots. Da Fei activated his Stealth Move and jumped into the water. The first step was still smooth.

At this moment, in the middle of the narrow gap between the two Hell battleships, Demonic Neonates were jumping up and down to carry items on the ship. On the shore, there were Horned Devil Overseers standing guard every three steps and five steps. The line of guards stretched as far as the eye could see along the shore!

Da Fei was instantly dumbfounded! What the f*ck! Was he using the Great Wall of Human Flesh to increase the alert? Even if it was his God-level Reconnaissance Skill, it was impossible for him to pass through the gaps between people so close to him, right? Reconnaissance Skill was not an Invisibility Skill! He had to admit that although this method was very primitive, it was very effective. For a moment, Da Fei was in a difficult position.

What should I do? Kill my way out? F*ck, don't joke around. Deirdre had said that the Magic Tower would attack indiscriminately at the slightest sign of trouble. Why don't I just make a move and let them destroy these ships indiscriminately? Are computers that unreliable?

Wait a minute, there was still a problem! The last time he took action, it was because he saw a puddle in the photo. He could hide in the puddle and hide from the hellhounds, but there were no puddles nearby. Even if he sneaked ashore, he would still be discovered by the hellhounds.

Da Fei was dumbfounded again! Could this be the legendary second time that the same move was ineffective against the Saint Seiya? No way, this is forcing the players to fight head-on? Is there such a f*cking mission? Unless I can fly like the Banshee…

Fly? Da Fei looked up at the sky. There was no sky in the Underworld, only the ceiling.

That's right, didn't the Spider Hero invade the barrier from the ceiling? I'm also walking on the ceiling. I wonder if it will work.

Da Fei opened his bag and dropped the C-rank treasure, the Cliffwalker backpack that the Spider Hero had obtained. Instead of calling it a backpack, it was more like a disgusting organist. A spider's silk bag? From the description of this item, it sounded a little like a mountain climbing rope trench? He should find a safe place to try.

Da Fei quietly swam back, behind a large tree root. No one would be able to see him. He clicked and used it! A red line that looked like a scope shot up from the backpack. Oh yeah, it also had the target's instructions?

— System Message: Please choose the climbing point.

That was it!

Bang! A muffled sound was heard, and a thick white line shot out from the backpack. Following the red line, the target was stuck to a thick rock on the ground. Oh yeah? The backpack deflated? It was indeed spider silk! It was indeed a silk bag!

— System Message: The login point sticker has been completed. You can achieve all kinds of climbing movements by using the original or reverse login function.

Retracting the line at the same spot? Retracting the line in the opposite direction? Da Fei pulled at the stuck thread and instantly understood. Of course, retracting the line in the opposite direction!

Instantly, the shriveled backpack began to swell like a puff of air. At the same time, Da Fei slowly rose to the top of the ground! Wahahaha! So that was it! The so-called line retracting on the spot was obviously the fishing rod retracting the line. Compared to ordinary Flying Noose Claw Hook, this thing's shooting range was extremely far. It did not require any skills or effort. Most importantly, it did not pay attention to the login point. What the heck, it was really a treasure! Although it was a C-rank item that could not contribute to the army, it was indeed a divine weapon for players to sneak into the city. It was the legendary three-dimensional mechanical device! As expected of the equipment dropped by the Spider Hero, he had transformed into Spiderman!

Now, most of the threads were kept back into the bag. Da Fei hung on the top of the ground. He could see the bustle on the shore. Looking out through the barrier, he saw groups of Hellhounds patrolling the area! Damn, they really sealed his God-level Stealth Move!

However, I came from the sky! Wahahaha!

Da Fei aimed his backpack at a protruding rock at the top of the ground and spat out spider silk again. At this moment, the elevator turned into a roller coaster at two o'clock in the morning! How satisfying!

Now, Da Fei was getting more familiar with the use of the treasure. He kept drawing the line at the top of the ground and left the barrier in a few jumps. He crossed the lake and arrived above the main magic tower that Deirdre mentioned. He quietly hung on the top of the ground.

On the small map, the green dot representing Deirdre was in the tower below him, and hundreds of flower demons were imprisoned on the top of the tower. As expected of the main tower, if these hundreds of flower demons were successfully rescued, the size of the Flower Goblin army would be enough to attack the nest in the Pond of Light.

Now, he had to be extremely careful. Just as Da Fei was about to control one of the Succubus Emperors to investigate, an angry roar came from the tower.

"Idiot! Trash! What exactly do you know? How did you become an apprentice?"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Who was he scolding?

The roar sounded again. "Spiritual spells? I don't need them here! If I didn't need someone now, I would have chopped you up and fed you to hellhounds!"

Da Fei released the anxious thread in his heart and hung from the top of the ground. From this angle, he could see a burning Mage pointing at a black-robed masked apprentice in front of him and cursing.

Holy f*ck! This acolyte is the green dot on the small map, it’s Deirdre! And this mage whose entire body is covered in flames is stepping on a fiery red halo. Holy f*ck! It’s a hero! The one guarding the main tower is actually a hero?

This was a big deal! Was this what her intelligence said about successfully sneaking into the Magic Tower?

As a Banshee, she only knew the Great Enchantment Technique. It was impossible for her to pretend to be an NPC apprentice! In reality, she was completely different from an apprentice NPC.

The NPCs in the game were roughly divided into three types: unit of soldiers, unit of heroes, and unit of ordinary NPCs. Soldiers and units of heroes could be recruited by players into units, and their data had a strict balance setting. Ordinary NPCs wouldn’t join the player team. They were members who could walk around freely on the streets, and their data settings were more casual. For example, an NPC mage apprentice would have as much HP as he wanted, or he could use fireballs.

Therefore, Deirdre's situation was extremely dangerous now. She was about to be exposed! What should he do? Once he was exposed, he could only sacrifice himself to attract the hero's attention and cover for Deirdre to escape!

The sorcerer continued to curse, "Although there's a shortage of people here, it's better to have a hindrance than a waste! Although you're a waste, even a sanitary pad and underwear have their uses. Since you know spiritual spells, I'll give you a simple task. If you still can't complete it after I come back from my patrol, you can just wait to be fed to the dogs!"

— System Message: You have received Time Limit Quest "Clearing the Vengeful Spirits in the Rift Valley"!

— Mission Hint: Deirdre has to complete the mission assigned by Hero Sherrill before she completes her inspection. Otherwise, she will be in danger.

Da Fei's jaw dropped! Damn, what was this? He received a mission from the enemy?

(Note: Hillier Xyron, a Level 4 Character Hero of Heroes of Might and Magic, Inferno of Hell. Initial mana cannot release Inferno of Hell. Initial skill is a godly skill. Academic)

c

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']