Chapter 105: Deirdre Apprentices

Junwen

For Da Fei who had transformed into Spiderman, the Demon camp was like an uninhabited place. Just like the old spider who also knew Advanced Stealth, this was a tooth for a tooth.

Da Fei came to the valley where the corpses were piled up. Deirdre had been waiting for a long time. There was nothing much to say. He found a place to assemble the Ballista. There was no place to set up the cannons on Corpse Mountain, and it was so disgusting that Da Fei did not plan to go up. Hence, he found a flat ground with a shooting range just enough to reach the red dot.

The disadvantage of extreme shooting was that the damage was reduced, but the advantage was that the distance was long enough to provide enough time for the second reload. On the other hand, although the Phantom Wraith was a flying soldier, its nickname was "Float". It was a level 2 flying soldier, Gargoyle, from the Mage Academy with the nickname "Swing". It was known as the Swing combination and was one of the only two flying soldiers in the game that could run slower than some infantry soldiers.

Hence, even if he could not kill Da Fei in the first round, he would still have time to reload the bullets. At that time, the opponent would probably be in full range and would be able to hit him in the head.

The assembly of Ballistas began. War Machine Studies was especially annoying because it only lasted 24 hours a day in the game. In the end, the Ballistas lasted for half an hour.

Ten minutes later, the Ballista was assembled.

I can't wait! Ah, wait! Spirit's special skill has a 50% chance of dodging attacks. After two consecutive flashes, I'll definitely hit it for the third time. If I'm lucky enough to dodge both of my Ballista shots, wouldn't that be disgusting? And this Spirit is definitely a Boss. God knows if it knows any spells? Once it's not heavily injured, who knows what kind of counterattack it will receive?

There was nothing much to say. When he leveled up to Level 27, he saved one Skill Point and learned the Triple Crossbow.

— Triple Crossbow: The hero will receive a revelation after mastering a precise archery skill. He will be able to maximize the function of the Ballista. One shot will result in three consecutive arrows. The price is that the Ballista's durability will decrease continuously.

Learning Prerequisite: Master-level Study of War Machines, Master-level Archery Skill, Master Ballista.

The composition of his current combat power was the Ballista and the long-range troops. There was no reason not to learn this sub-skill, which was a combination of archery and war machine learning. As for reducing durability, he directly ignored it. Anyway, the Phantom Ballista was not something he had to return. He would not feel heartache if he used it badly.

— System Message: You used one Skill Point to learn the combination skill "Triple Crossbow"!

The Master Ballista's attributes were 30 Attack, 6-7 Basic Damage. He had a total of 26 Attribute Points for Level 27 plus 5 Attribute Points for Elementary Voyager, a total of 31. Total Damage = Basic Damage x Total Attribute Points = 186-217. The 150% bonus from 30 Attack was 465-542. The damage of Master-level Ice Spire Magic, which had 30 Mana Enchantment, was 468. The damage of one shot from him was 1,000! Including the 50% reduction in Physical Damage from the maximum range, there was still 800 Damage.

In short, no matter how lucky he was, he could still hit it with 800 HP on the third shot! That was equivalent to killing 900 Blood-Eating Crocodiles on Pirate Island with one shot! How high could its Ghost Formless Blood Defense be? Could it be higher than a crocodile?

Now, everyone was in position and ready. Aim!

— System Message: Your Phantom Ballista has locked onto an unknown target in the alternate dimension. Do you want to attack?

Attack!

The Phantom Ballista’s base erupted with a dazzling magical light. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Three shots rang out in succession, and the ballista transformed into three rays of white light that disappeared into the air. Then, boom! Boom! Boom! The space around the target suddenly distorted violently, and ice fragments exploded in all directions—missed!

An earth-shattering roar resounded through the canyon. -40 damage points jumped out from Da Fei's head! At the same time, a large cloud of white fog appeared in the Bone Mountain! Damn! Soul Shriek! What a huge formation! In that instant, Da Fei's small map was covered in red light!

Although the worst situation didn't happen and only one shot was dodged, the Resentful Spirit's blood defense was beyond imagination! Moreover, it had hit 40 HP from such a long distance away. What if it got close?

"Hide well! You're not allowed to attack!!!" Da Fei shouted at Dierdre as he reloaded the bullets. At the same time, ten thousand curses ran through his mind! How cruel was the world outside the barrier? Was this map really not a place where someone of his level could come?

However, he was used to being unlucky in his life. He had always prepared for the worst! Furthermore, he was not unlucky now. Come on, he did not believe that his second shot would not be able to destroy him!

The white fog that filled the valley flashed and illuminated the entire underground world. Da Fei's eyes widened in shock!

F*ck! Lightning-proof!!!

At this moment, a loud whistling sound came from the Demon Camp. It was as if a gust of wind blew past. The white fog in the valley suddenly shook. The damage data of "-3", "-4", "-2" blinded Da Fei's krypton gold helmet! At the same time, a -50 damage value jumped out from Da Fei's head! Under the impact of the screen, the lightning that had just risen from the white fog disappeared without a trace!

What was that? No matter what it was, it bought Da Fei precious time to reload! Da Fei was ecstatic. Da Fei's hands did not stop. Da Fei finished reloading! Without thinking, Da Fei kicked the trigger!

— Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! The Ballista fired three consecutive shots! On the third shot, a rainbow light rose! The hourglass of misfortune was finally showing filial respect to Father!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have killed the Tree Spirit Vengeful Spirit and gained 360,000 EXP! You have obtained the B-level Strategy Treasure Tree Spirit Bow and the quest item Tree Spirit Heart.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 28! You received + 1 Free Attribute Point.

— System Message: Deirdre completed the quest "Kill the culprit in the canyon!"

— System Message: After an intense battle, your Succubus Emperor army has grown!

Deirdre excitedly jumped out from her hiding place and cheered, “Master! We’ve won!”

Da Fei laughed maniacally! This Devil's Camp was indeed the most heavily guarded place. They helped him in time and helped him to his heart's content! Thanks! This map was really not a place for him. He almost fell down.

Recommending an app that was comparable to an old version of a book chasing divine weapon.

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A large number of troops are approaching you! Please be alert.

Da Fei's jaw dropped! What the heck! The sudden appearance of the Boss must have alerted the Devil troops, right? What's there to thank me for! I can hide, but what about the Phantom Ballista?

Deirdre exclaimed, “Master, hide!”

There was only one way now. Da Fei hurriedly said to Deirdre, "Just say that this Ballista is yours!"

With that, Spiderman flew away.

Not long after, smoke and dust billowed as a large group of Hell Horses and Hell Hounds appeared. A Hell Baron stepped out of the crowd and rode his horse to Deirdre. He asked coldly, "Who are you? I don't remember someone like you coming to the camp."

F*ck, another Level 8 Soldier Hero! He wouldn't be exposed, right? Da Fei was so nervous that he was sweating profusely.

Deirdre hurriedly said, "I'm a student of Mentor Hillier. I'm here on Mentor's orders to clean up the mess!"

Red light flashed in the Hell Baron's helmet. "I think you're the hidden danger!" He raised his Fire Cleave Saber and prepared to slash down!

Run!!! Da Fei was so shocked that he almost shouted out loud. Deirdre was about to roll on the ground, but at that moment—Boom! A flame exploded in front of Hell Baron, forcing him and his horse back a few steps. A Fire Mage appeared in the flame!

As if she had met her savior, Deirdre shamelessly rolled behind him and hugged his thigh, crying out, “Mentor! Help!”

Da Fei's heart dropped to his throat. My heart, I was scared to death!

Hillel snorted. Although he was not happy to be called mentor by this shameless student, he could not deny the current situation. Otherwise, he would be mocked by the other demons as a coward who did not dare to protect his own people.

"Your Excellency Aleister, I discovered the problem with the bone pile right after I took office today. You've been here for so long, but you still haven't found it. It seems that all the problems during this period of time are related to your incompetence!"

Alistair also snorted coldly, “Everyone knows that there’s a guardian of the World Tree that our army destroyed buried here. As long as you don’t care about him, nothing will happen to him. I advise you not to overstep your authority and interfere in things that you shouldn’t. Your mission is to teach!” With that said, he roared, and the group left.

Da Fei heaved a sigh of relief. It was time to get past him.

At this moment, Deirdre smiled sweetly. “Thank you, mentor, for saving me!”

"What's that?" Hillel asked in surprise.

Da Fei's heart tightened again!

Deirdre danced with joy in her exaggerated tone and body language. "This is a peerless invention of a great genius Mage from the Surface World. I stole it after much effort. Mentor, you will be impressed by it!"

Da Fei peed on the spot! Hey, hey, hey, Darling, you can't cheat me. This is my treasure!

"Tsk! Boring!" Cyriel snorted disdainfully and turned her head away from the Ballista. Da Fei was stunned again. So this guy had a bad temper. The better he bragged, the more he would look down on him? I like his attitude, wahahaha!

"Speak, demoness, what do you want!"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. His cover was blown?

Deirdre knelt on the spot. “I want to be a mentor’s student!”

Ciel's entire body was engulfed in flames. "I can't teach stupid people, it'll only affect my reputation! However, after what happened just now, you're not my student, but my student as well. Fortunately, you didn't bring me shame by killing this wraith, so I'll reluctantly accept you!"

Pfft! Why would a professor accept a beautiful student? Are you trying to kill me?

Deirdre was overjoyed. “Thank you, mentor!”

Hillier let out a cold snort. "Come see me in the tower. You have to start from the basics!" With that, she disappeared.

Oh yeah! Success! But why is my heart so sad?

(The pre-season examination has been going on for two days. The first day of October is about to be released. As a part-time writer, there is a lot of pressure on the ashtray. So, readers, please allow me to stockpile for three days. Today and tomorrow, I will release 1 chapter a day. When the National Day breaks out, thank you for your support!)

c

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']