Chapter 101: The Sky High Explosions

The Pond of Light was powered by the tiny wind from the ancient wind. SV Fly opened its Magic Sail to conserve energy. Now was the time to rescue more flower demons.

The flower demons danced and sang around SV Fly, chasing and playing around. There were even flower demons who mischievously pushed the sails in an attempt to contribute to the boat. For a moment, the entire boat was enveloped by the light trail left behind by the flower demons. It was magnificent.

Looking at the happy little Elves, Da Fei felt conflicted. Can you not be so cute? How can I bear to let people like you die on the battlefield? Sigh, this is probably the benefit of having high Race Reputation.

In short, Da Fei let the ship start first. He couldn't wait to go to the forum to check the replies. How many children would be scared, how many big shots would be shocked? It was really something to look forward to, wahahaha!

When Da Fei logged into the forum, he could not help but gasp!

300,000 views, 40,000 replies!! Da Fei was shocked, stunned!

It had only been a few minutes since he posted the thread! The thread he posted had always sunk in seconds, and the only reply he received was a reply! He didn't expect this day to come! Da Fei was so excited that tears streamed down his face. There were so many replies, how could he have the time to read them all!

However, it did not matter. Da Fei immediately discovered that there were many eye-catching threads with bold titles on the forum! Those who could add red and thick were usually high-level accounts on the forum, which were the so-called experts!

"Knox Heroes' Heritage is worth at least $10 million, because the WCG championship prize money is $10 million!"

Da Fei's heart was beating wildly! 10 million! And it was US dollars! His scroll was worth 10 million US dollars! And it was at least 10 million US dollars! What was the highest amount? Da Fei clicked on the thread excitedly.

— "With this scroll, why can't an Orc player win the championship? Unless this player's brain is even dumber than an Orc's!"

Da Fei could not help but be stunned. That was it? Where's the dry goods? Is this a sticker? But the water is good, I like it! Haha!

Eh, there was even a technical thread titled "The Ultimate Configuration Plan for the Heroes of Knox, Ultimate Value: 50 million!"

What the heck! Don't scare me! 50 million? It's not yen, right? Da Fei clicked into the post excitedly.

— "Firstly, you need a Godly Hero with the special ability of a level-six soldier, Wyvern. The greatest feature of a Wyvern is its flying type, as well as its considerable self-healing ability. In addition, it has the professional characteristics of a beastman's physical and dual-resistance. As a level-six soldier with high defense and long HP, Wyvern itself has a survival ability that far exceeds that of a level-four soldier vampire. Once it has the blood-sucking special skill, it will completely defeat a vampire! Not to mention, the main fighting force of the Orcs, a level 5 Berserker, will also receive blood-sucking enhancements."

Wahahaha! Although there are many things that I don't quite understand, they look very capable! They are indeed experts! Do you know what an expert is? Have you seen the "National Treasure Files"? Those antique experts on the VIP seats opened their mouths and said that this was a fake. They said that it was worth hundreds of thousands. This was an expert! This was authority! The authority said that it was at least 50 million. Would I have any objections? Haha, Wahahaha!

Come on, next post!

"Selling it now, at most 1 million. Selling it after a year is normal!"

A year later? 100 million? That was getting more exaggerated! 50 million became 100 million? Da Fei's jaw dropped!

— "A level 2 and 3 Orc Warrior conquers the world? Wrong! The God-grade legacy will bring the Orcs to the stage where the Advanced Soldiers fight to the top! The Vampiric Special Skill has no meaning for the cannon fodder and low-level soldiers. I believe the players who play Vampires during the open beta will regret that the Vampire's HP and Defense are lacking in the later stages, right? That's right, a level 4 soldier is still a level 4 soldier after all, and their own attributes limit the performance of the overpowered Special Skill. But the Orcs are different. Attacking, killing, killing, and hero's Blood Rage push this race to the peak of melee combat. This is the stage where the Vampire Special Skill shines brightly! Therefore, this scroll will be the biggest stage to show its value when it is released in the later stages! At that time, the national war zone will be fully opened, and the market will be completely standardized. We can meet all the rich people in the world, the Ship King, and Petroleum King. Selling it to foreigners will be easy. This is to earn money for the motherland!"

• • •

Da Fei's tears blurred his eyes. He had always thought that the forum was a place where people would harm others and create hype without cost. It turned out that there were so many good people on the forum! They were afraid that he would lose money by selling it?

Actually, I'm not that greedy. I'll be satisfied if I sell it for a few million dollars! However, the experts said that this thing is definitely worth more than ten million dollars. If I really sell it for a few million dollars, I'll be laughed at by the people of the world.

At this moment, another eye-catching black body post appeared. "Selling 100 million in the later stage? Bullshit! The late stage Godly Hero's Scrolls are all over the streets. Why should I be afraid of your blood-sucking legacy! Selling it early if you want to!"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. This is? You want to buy my scroll? Are you purposely trying to pour cold water on me? Da Fei clicked on the thread with a gloomy face.

— "In the online game, the first piece of equipment is a God-grade equipment, and the nth piece of equipment is bullsh * t! Do you really think that tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of players in the world can't handle a Life-Steal Scroll? Ask the various Alchemy Golems in the Mage Academy if they are afraid of your Life-Steal? Ask the Undead if they are afraid of your Life-Steal? A brainless Orc wants to win the WCG championship? Ask the Swedish Ghost King if he agrees? The person who posted this thread is more stupid than the Orcs, and the person who believes this thread is even more stupid! This thing is at most one or two million, the more worthless it becomes!"

Boom! This thread was so powerful that even the deaf could hear it. Da Fei fell from the clouds!

After that was a reply: "Yo! You want to create a scroll worth tens of millions of USD in the early stages with just one or two million? You can't cheat people like you."

"How can a beast be afraid of the undead? You must be joking! Can the undead do anything besides having more soldiers?"

"OP, low-level hacker! Appraisal completed!"

"Is the Swedish Ghost King your father? You're a foreigner!"

• • •

For a moment, Da Fei was at a loss! What the heck, although my psychological price is a few million dollars, I'm talking about US dollars. But you're talking about one or two million dollars, and you haven't even said whether it's Japanese or not. Isn't it too much of a scam to want to settle this? The forum is indeed a place where fish and dragons mix.

Tsk, it's better to have a bird in my hand than a thousand birds in the forest. I don't care how much you brag on the forum. I'll see how much the buyer offers. Those who follow the thread are all hooting and watching. There's no need to look through them. The real intention is to send private messages.

Da Fei opened his private message box. 1,000 private messages! Wahaha, in just a few minutes, there were 1,000 people who wanted to buy them! This was the real owner. Da Fei started to look for messages.

"Add my chat number and we'll talk!"

What the f*ck! I'm a busy person, why would I have a detailed chat with a thousand of you! At this moment, an eye-catching golden message appeared. "I'm Long Zhan from the Dragon Slaying Guild, China's largest player guild. On behalf of the guild, I'll discuss the transaction price with you in detail. Dragon Slaying Guild, strength and reputation are guaranteed. I look forward to your reply. Chat number 5313xxxxxxxxxx, password 16888168."

Da Fei was stunned. The Dragon Slayer Guild! If they bought it, it would be much more reliable than making private deals. The big guilds' reputation was guaranteed. Let's see how much they offered.

At this moment, a notification appeared in the game.

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A large number of enemy ships appeared ahead.

Da Fei was shocked. We're here! He hurriedly returned to the game. At this moment, SV Fly was already close to the barrier. Da Fei immediately took out his binoculars and looked around. Indeed, there were many black rowing boats docked on the shore of the barrier. A large group of Demonic Neonate was constantly moving some kind of items that were emitting black smoke. One look and he knew they were not good items.

Needless to say, the Kingdom War was approaching! These ships must have been prepared for the players of the Hell Race. F*ck! No way, I'm going to fight a sea battle with so many ships by myself?

(Requesting for all kinds of votes!)

Phone user please read m