Chapter 115: What A Devil!

Junwen

Thunder Fire Dragon and the others rushed to the Devil's Camp. After talking to the NPC at the entrance, they went to meet the temporary executive officer, Cyriel.

"Boss, did that American snatch our first prize?"

Lei Huolong's expression was gloomy as he said, "As long as we have more merit points than him, it's fine. We will form a team to complete the mission. No matter what, we will not lose to him!"

Although he said this, the opponent's strength was truly shocking. As a professional player, he naturally knew that there were some situations that couldn't be compared with numbers. A superhero completing a crucial battle and obtaining merits and evaluations wasn't something a group of people could compare to. If they really couldn't do it, they could only get rid of him! Of course, this sort of thing affected the International Image of the Central Kingdom, but the International Image of the Central Kingdom had already been ruined by the tourists who went overseas. It wasn't any worse than the players in the game.

"Welcome, warriors! Our army's situation is very serious now!" The temporary executive officer who was emitting flames looked very imposing. He did not look like he was acting at the last minute. He immediately stunned Lei Huolong and the rest.

Cyriel said in a deep voice, "The water of the Luminous Pond is like a dead sea to us demons. We have no choice but to face this difficulty if we want to take down the World Tree. We are very reliant on ships to fight. However, the elven warships are very advanced, and we can only contend with them on a large scale! Unfortunately, my obstinate predecessor neglected his duty, and our most important military arena was destroyed by the enemy. Our offensive was completely blocked, and the elves will definitely use this opportunity to prepare for battle. Therefore, we must wait for the arrival of the arachne reinforcements. The arachne race's special skill allowed them to be completely unaffected by the Luminous Pond underground. Before that, our mission is to rebuild the construction site…"

"F*ck! As expected, he's doing odd jobs!" The entire group of players cursed angrily.

At this moment, a white light flashed in the camp and an American player appeared.

The team members were stunned. "It's that American!"

Everyone was amused. "Hey hey! It's a weakened state!"

The Thunder Fire Dragon felt relieved. "So he's a joker. I thought he was an expert!"

Everyone burst into laughter. "War is usually determined by the details! The lesson this time is proof. I hope that everyone will work hard and not bite off more than you can chew. His personal failure is worth nothing, but the loss of a warship is a huge loss for our resources!"

"Yes, sir!"

Lei Huolong laughed. "Hey, hey! We should have a good chat with our American friends. Don't laugh at me. This is not good, not good!"

Everyone burst into laughter.

• • •

At an underground garage bar in Los Angeles.

"WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Oh yeah! Let's toast to Little Peter! Wahaha!" The jeers from the other members added to the party atmosphere.

Captain Howell waved his hand to stop the celebration and asked solemnly, "Didn't you kill over ten gunners? Why didn't you use their corpses to summon the Abyss Overlord? If it was magic, the flower demon's normal attacks wouldn't be able to interrupt it.”

Swasaw shook his head and said angrily, "Of course I have a summon, but it failed!"

Howell was surprised. "The summoning will fail?"

Swasaw shook his head and sighed. "Maybe it's because of the World Tree's barrier, or maybe it's because I don't know. This guy called Duffy is not an ordinary liar. He's a very powerful liar!"

The crowd roared with laughter. “Don’t blame your failure on the other side’s strength. Your stupidity in not leading your troops has doomed your defeat. Wahaha!!”

Sawsaw angrily pointed his middle finger at the crowd.

Howell looked at the big screen on the wall and said in a low voice, "Attention, the people from the middle city are here. They seem to want to talk to you about something.”

At this moment, Lei Huolong walked up to this international friend and patted his shoulder. "Hello?"

SawSaw raised his head and faced her coldly.

"Please allow me to make a sad face!"

— Pfft! The entire team was filled with sorrow!

"F * * k!!! I've been laughed at by the citizens!” someone let out a hysterical scream and everyone's mocking laughter rang through the entire arena!

• • •

SV Fly, the navy members were cleaning the cabin. Da Fei excitedly checked the loot.

— Speed Cloak: * Rank Strategy Treasure, Movement Speed + 10, Attack Speed + 10.

* Rank treasure! This is the legendary Speed Cloak from the open beta! It can be combined with the Speed Ring and the Speed Boots to form a treasure component that can be used to create a divine weapon! And the NPC components that can be used to assemble a divine weapon are definitely not sold on the market. They can only be obtained by fighting Bosses or completing quests. And the Boss that can drop a * Rank treasure is obviously very powerful. I’ve killed so many Bosses, but I was only lucky enough to get a * Rank Bad Luck hourglass. I was lucky to be in the right position. Otherwise, the Boss would have teleported away!

Wait! Teleportation? Could it be that the Merikan's skill was teleportation too? Impossible! Judging from how the red dot appeared on the ship before the cannon fired, it meant that the teleportation distance was even further than the range of the ballista? How could there be such a powerful teleportation? Wouldn't it be killing whoever it wanted?

However, if it was not teleportation, how could it explain his strange actions? Magic? It was even more impossible! If he could still move stealthily while casting spells, then he was a god! However, he just turned the impossible into a possibility. What else could he say?

Da Fei was shocked.

Now that Serbia was in place, he began to use the Great Revival Spell that only master-level light magic could learn to revive the gunners.

Oh right, Da Fei had never heard of the magic that killed these cannoneers. Hidden skills? Treasures had their own skills? There were indeed many hidden experts in this world. He could not underestimate them. From now on, he had to be extremely careful. Otherwise, if he was careless, he would lose everything.

Golden light shone throughout the cabin. The corpses of the dozen or so gunners flashed with golden light. Then, they slowly got up and came to life!

Da Fei felt gratified. It was great to have a sweetheart in the team. Hm? Why were there three people who did not stand up?

Similarly, Serbia was puzzled. "Why aren't these three people reacting? I'm trying!"

“No need to waste your magic power!” Anwen’s grandmother appeared. “Their souls have been sacrificed by the demons and can no longer be saved.”

"Devil's Sacrifice!" Da Fei exclaimed. "Could it be that person just now?"

What the f*ck! Just how powerful was this person? How much information did his short appearance reveal?

Anwen sighed. “I’m sorry for your loss, Captain. Let’s find a few people to replace them.”

I'm going to faint! They're all proficient navy members with high level war machine learning and master ballista techniques! Who can replace them? Flower demons? Playing with cannons with zero attack and zero defense? F*ck, damn Americans, this is equivalent to crippling me!

Eh, wait a minute. There was still an idle person. That was the first Banshee that was summoned from the Banshee camp. She was the adult one, and even humanoid creatures could fire. She would be the one to fire the Ballista. It would not affect its power, and the damage would be considered to be the player's. As for the other two cannons, they would only be able to fire their hearts.

They had all grown to become Bosses with 30 Attack and 20 Defense. Among all the soldiers on the ship, they had the most stats. If they took over, they would be able to make up for the loss of the Ballista's power to the greatest extent. Furthermore, the range was far, and they could fight monsters. It was better for them to grow than just playing around.

Sigh, I'll calculate how much they need to grow to catch up to the loss of the ballista.

Hm? Suddenly, Da Fei remembered the Proficient Seaman's attributes. 40 HP! Three Seamen meant 120 HP. This happened to be the normal form of a Level 6 Infernal Abyss Overlord! And the so-called sacrifice just now—

Dafei, who had suddenly thought it through, was dumbfounded!

The Merikan was a Great Demon! A Level 7 Great Demon! The special skill of a Great Demon was to use the corpses of dead creatures to summon a Level 6 Abyss Overlord. The health points of the corpses had to be greater than the health points of the Abyss Overlord! The three corpses of the Sears happened to meet the requirements for summoning! Then, the teleportation just now could be explained! They were all Great Demons' skills!

What the f*ck! Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me?! The other party almost defeated me by himself. If so many soldiers from the United Nations came at me together, how am I going to survive? This is not something that I can handle alone. I need an ally!

…

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']