Chapter 112: End The Battle

Junwen

In the face of Da Fei’s shameless knee, Old Madam Anwen shook her head with a smile. “Captain may be young and promising, but the attribute allocation has already been fixed. It’s very difficult to transform into magic. I think—” She touched Serbia’s blonde hair and smiled kindly. “I think this child is more like it!”

Da Fei hurriedly got up and said excitedly, "Yes, yes, yes! It's for Serbia to learn. Serbia was already prepared to learn meditation! She's still young now, it's a good time to learn!"

Anwen shook his head with a wry smile. “I used to be a magic instructor at the Faroland Institute. Even if I’m willing to teach, I’ll have to see if my students can learn it or not. In short, in my lifetime, I’m eager for students to reach the grandmaster level and learn the spells I’m proud of.”

Da Fei said anxiously, “What are you saying, Ms. Anwen? You’re healthy, you’re absolutely fine!”

Anwen chuckled. “Actually, I have a full set of magic textbooks on me. Are you sure you want her to learn meditation?”

Serbia said happily, "I'm very willing to learn!"

Aiyaya! I still brought along a Skill Mentor with me! Da Fei hurriedly said, "Complete!" Serbia was now Level 24. When it leveled up, it learned Elementary Leadership Skill and left three Skill Points.

Anwen produced a golden skill book and waved his hand, causing golden light to flash repeatedly.

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia used 3 Skill Points to learn Advanced Meditation.

— Meditation Spell: Every level increases Hero's mana recovery speed by 10.

As the main skill that Mages must cultivate, meditation itself was mediocre, but what was powerful was the sub-skill.

Mystic Training: Reduces the mana consumed by the hero when casting spells by 20

Strange Magic Power: When a Hero casts a large-scale spell, the mana consumption will be reduced at random.

Magic Counter: At the cost of consuming twice the amount of magic power, stop the opponent from casting.

Mysterious Essence: Every day, after the hero finishes resting, he will obtain 10 temporary mana.

Rapid Cast: When a hero casts a spell, his attack speed increases by 20. (When the attack speed is 10, the casting speed is 12)

Anwen smiled. “One can reach the master level through hard work, but reaching the grandmaster level requires wisdom and opportunity.”

"Thank you for your guidance!"

Da Fei sighed in his heart. It was extremely difficult for players to comprehend a Grandmaster-level skill on their own, and it was even more difficult for the sub-hero to comprehend it. Regardless of whether they could comprehend a Grandmaster-level skill or not, this skill was a must-have skill. It was very important to the Light nuns, who used up a lot of mana to cast spells.

Right now, the destroyed mountain of flesh had been reduced to ashes in the pool of light, leaving the dilapidated Flower Demon Battalion.

The Flower Goblin instructor said impatiently, "Captain, we are going to repair the barracks!"

Dafei nodded. "All the best!"

In an instant, hundreds of flower demons flew up. As they flashed, the entire camp was filled with vitality once again.

Originally, the ideal situation was to rescue all the Flower Goblins. Every time a Flower Goblin Battalion was repaired, a Flower Goblin instructor would be stationed there. This way, all the Battalions would be able to continuously produce soldiers. However, there was only one Flower Goblin Military Instructor in the current situation. He could only lead the repair team to abandon the old Battalions.

However, it did not matter. As long as a new military camp system was fixed, 20 Flower Goblins and a Forest Goddess would be given away for free. In addition, there would be an additional gust of ancient wind blowing from the top of the tree to speed up the speed of the ship. Then, after clearing the way, he would still be able to accumulate 2,000 Flower Goblins and 100 Forest Goddesses. With such a huge force, it would not be a problem to crush the Beetles. This was definitely a reward for building a city! Thinking about the bright future ahead, Da Fei could not help but laugh.

However, as soon as he mentioned giving up on the old army camp, Da Fei thought of the Banshee camp on the ship. Damn, there were no territorial population to begin with. Now that the instructor who was in charge of the summoning was gone, this army camp was considered abandoned. For a moment, Da Fei's balls ached. He had originally wanted to recruit a group of Banshee troops.

Finally, the light on the tree root dissipated, and a fresh fragrance blew down from the top of the ground. At the same time, golden light flashed in the camp, and another Forest Goddess appeared!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully repaired a Flower Demon Soldier Camp!

— System Message: A Forest Goddess has joined your army.

— System Message: The Flower Goblin Battalion has 20 Flower Goblin slots. Do you want to recruit?

Recruitment!

Wahahaha! My team is growing stronger! Time waits for no man. Let's repair more barracks!

Da Fei turned around and asked, “Madam Anwen, can we still fight? Do we need to rest and recover our mana?”

Anwen shook his head. “I’m pressed for time, so I don’t need to rest. The army only uses magic power once, and there’s no need to rest. The situation on the battlefield is ever-changing, and there’s no room for you to rest. Even if I can’t use magic power to coordinate with you anymore, I still have other spells! Moreover, Captain seems to have overestimated his ability to win without losses. You’ll miss out on many opportunities.”

Da Fei was shocked! She was right? He had indeed gone too far in his pursuit. After all, he had seen too many videos of experts during the open beta. Being undamaged was the standard to determine whether one was an expert or not! Furthermore, he treasured his gains even more when he was making difficult progress here. He had gone overboard! However, his subordinates were all fragile female Flower Demon soldiers. Unless he lost his car to report to the commander, how could he bear to let them suffer losses?

Da Fei coughed dryly. “Madam Anwen is right. It’s just that I love Bing Ruzi.”

Anwen said indifferently, “As a commander, you should be even more callous. Moreover, your equipment attribute is quite good, and you have such an outstanding aide like Serbia. Why can’t you give it a try?”

Da Fei suddenly realized something! That's right, the situation is different now that the old lady is attacking. There's no need to continue being so sneaky! Alright! Then I'll give it a try. If I die, I'll revive! Furthermore, the more battles I fight, the faster my two Succubus Emperors will grow. The stronger they are, the more helpful they will be! That's right, who knows how long the normal childhood of Banshee will be in the game? Therefore, I must take advantage of their young age to fight them to the end. With so many soldiers and fierce generals, this is a good opportunity to show off my experience!

Da Fei waved his hand resolutely. "Target, next!"

• • •

Outside the Devil Flame City, in the Scorching Wasteland, dozens of smoke and dust troops were striding forward. They were Thunder Fire Dragon and the other members of the Dragon Slaying Guild. Under normal circumstances, players wouldn't be able to reach the Luminous Pool. They would only be able to reach it if they were on a mission or a battlefield.

Compared to the hundreds and thousands of Undead professional players of the Dragon Slayer Guild, these dozens of players were the core members of the Dragon Slayer Guild that could mobilize the power of the Infernal Race. However, even the core members, other than the Thunder Fire Dragon, did not know what the other players were doing before the system sent the message.

In reality, the Thunder Fire Dragon didn’t know much more than the others. The Thunder Fire Dragon only knew that as the mission holder for the Kingdom War, he had to be the first to report the situation to the frontline. In other words, he had to find NPCs to back him up. After all, on the player level, the Hell faction of the Dragon Slayer Guild was too weak.

Just as the group of them were chatting in the guild channel, a figure appeared behind them at high speed.

“Who is that?”

Thunder Fire Dragon hurriedly took out his binoculars and looked back. It was an American player with a star stripe on his head. His name was very easy to remember. SawSaw, an expert from the Merika Area? Wait a minute, he was running naked. He didn't bring a single soldier with him! Then what was the point of a war? He must be a reconnaissance player sent by the Merika Area to scout the area? However, even if he was a reconnaissance player, his marching speed was way too fast, right? It was like a rabbit chasing a turtle. Even God-level Logistics could not achieve such an effect, right?

At that moment, the American player in the telescope waved at him!

Thunder Fire Dragon was shocked! He saw me looking at him through a telescope? He really did learn the Reconnaissance Skill! Such an account was definitely not created by ordinary players, right? Thunder Fire Dragon’s heart sank. Everyone knew that the Americans provided the core technology for this game, so the advantage of American players would definitely be a little bit more. With the relationship between the American and Japanese areas, it was needless to say that this battle would be difficult. At the end of the day, they could only rely on the masses and mobilize the masses.

Just as he was thinking, the American player in the Thunder Fire Dragon Telescope suddenly disappeared! The Thunder Fire Dragon was shocked! This was? Stealth? Impossible, how could he be so thorough in Stealth when he was right in front of me? This was not the legendary Gourd Boy’s invisibility skill!

Just as he was confused, someone shouted, “That American ran ahead of us!”

Everyone was shocked!

1

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']