Chapter 114: A Grandmaster Encounters A God-Grade

Da Fei looked at the other party through the telescope with interest. The other party was also looking at him through the telescope. Wahahaha! What did you see? At most, you saw the shadow of a ship. Do you know what a God-grade Reconnaissance Skill is?

Wait! Why can't I see his equipment? I have a God-grade Reconnaissance Skill. Isn't it easy to see other people's equipment? Does this mean that the other party's Reconnaissance Skill isn't low? Just like that Spider Hero?

An expert! He couldn't see through the other party's true identity. Not only did he not bring a single soldier, but he was also a foreigner. All of this matched the characteristics of an expert!

Why was it that foreigners were also experts? Wasn't that obvious? Had Huang Feihong seen it before? Had Lee Xiaolong seen it before? As long as there was a foreigner in the movie, it would definitely be the King of Fighters who swept away a group of experts known to be unparalleled in the world. Then, they would be washed clean by the national heroes!

The problem was, how was he going to attack me? Was he just going to fly a boat over and crash into me? Wasn't he a fool?! Wait a minute! As the saying goes, if the head is big and the neck is thick, he's either the boss or the cook. Who knows, maybe he's a spy who collects information? That's right, being a spy also fits all the characteristics of an expert! This guy's reconnaissance skills aren't low, so he's definitely a spy.

F*ck! I was almost stunned. Soldiers are the most important weapons in the country. You can't show them to others! If you want to see my soldiers, I won't let you have your way!

"Retreat! Retreat! Quickly retreat, hide in the cabin!" Da Fei waved his hand, and all the Forest Hunters and Flower Demons flew into the cabin.

Hmph! I won't let you see! Da Fei also entered the cabin. Then, I'll kill him! Oh right, if he knows how many cannons I have, won't it be his gain too? Tsk, if it's against him, I'll be able to fire three consecutive arrows! But against his ship, there's nothing I can do. I'll only use 50% of my strength. Open half of the cannon doors.

• • •

The large oar boat was moving at full speed towards the target. The full view of the sailboat was shown through the SawSaw telescope. It was indeed a big boat. It was indeed the boat of the swindler in the China region.

SawSaw laughed wildly. "Stealing from a liar is not stealing!"

Then, he saw that there was no one on the deck, and that the entire ship was on standby. SawSaw laughed sinisterly and said, "Good! Very good!" After saying that, he ducked down the side of the ship, and his entire body became blurry as he moved stealthily!

At this moment, Da Fei was watching the approaching large oar boat in the gun cabin. He suddenly realized that the guy had disappeared after lying down on the boat. Hm? What was he doing? As a spy, how could he not show his face?

The huge oar boat broke through the waves and was about to enter the range of the Ballista.

— Ready!!! With Da Fei's command, the gunners, who had been reloading for a long time, perked up!

At this moment, a red dot suddenly appeared on Da Fei's map! This red dot was where Da Fei was on the ship! Da Fei was shocked! What was this? While he was shocked, the red dot flashed and disappeared on the map radar.

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! This guy was just like the Spider Hero! When the other party's Reconnaissance Skill was not far from his, this kind of situation would appear and disappear? Could it be that this spy was trying to attract my attention, and then another Spider Hero descended from the sky and landed on my ship?

As Da Fei's thoughts raced, the large oar boat entered the firing range. Without thinking, Da Fei ordered, "Fire!"

* Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! * The eight cannons on the first level opened fire. More than ten crossbow bolts whistled as they bombarded the enemy ships that were about to attack. In an instant, fragments flew everywhere, and the sailors’ flesh and blood flew everywhere. The momentum of the huge oar ships suddenly slowed down.

Just as the Ballista was firing and the ship shook slightly, the red dot appeared again. It seemed to have entered the upper level of the cabin aisle? Then, the red dot disappeared again! What the heck! Fortunately, I have God-level Reconnaissance Skill and have the radar function to activate God Mode. Otherwise, I would have been killed!

Da Fei felt as if he was facing a formidable enemy. He hurriedly gathered the troops in the gun cabin to prepare for battle. As long as the spider entered the gun cabin, he would be fully prepared!

— Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Another round of ballista bombardment! Amidst the loud boom that filled the gun cabin, the red light from the Reconnaissance Skill alarm exploded!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A hidden enemy is about to appear near you!

Da Fei was shocked! This red light that he had not seen for a long time instantly reminded him of the thrilling scene when he dodged the Sea Anemone King's ejection attack on the island!

There was no time to think about how the red dot moved. Da Fei instinctively rolled on the ground!

In that instant, a heat wave roared above Da Fei’s head! Miss!

“Motherfucker!!!”

"Fight!!!" Although Da Fei was still rolling around, he knew that the other party had invaded in an unbelievable way.

The jungle hunter in the gun cabin raised his bow and took aim!

“F*ck!!!” Flames burst out of Sawsaw’s body, and a shockwave of flames engulfed the entire cabin!

— Boom!!! Sparks flew in the artillery cabin! -17 points of damage emerged from Da Fei's head. At the same time, Da Fei's vision turned red!

— System Message: You have been hit by New Fire Star Spell. You have entered Blind!

— System Message: Your Forest Hunters team has been hit by the Fire Nova Spell and have entered a blinded state! Your Forest Hunters team is in critical condition, please pay attention to remedy!

— System Message: Your proficient Cannon Gunner unit was hit by Fire Nova Spell. 16 Cannon Gunners died!

Da Fei was shocked! What kind of spell was this? An expert! An expert from Merika! I'm the commander! I can't die! The only thing Da Fei could do was roll around desperately and shout for help!

At that moment, a familiar buzzing sound descended from the sky. Ah! A scream sounded!

Good! Good! Kill him!

"Oh! *—" At this moment, a large group of flower demons flew over and surrounded Swasaw by three layers. With the swarm of bees above their heads, the entire cabin was covered in dust!

"Oh! No! No! F*ck you!" Seeing the encirclement of the Flower Goblin group, Swasaw, who had used up his ultimate life-saving move, could do nothing but curse and howl miserably. After all, he was not a Spider Hero who was completely immune. Facing the encirclement of the heaven-defying smallpox demons, even the Hell Baron, who was a level 8 soldier, could not do anything!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, has killed the Hell race player SawSaw! Katerina used War Plunder skill to snatch an [A] class treasure from her opponent, Speed Cloak.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have defeated the opposing faction player SawSaw! EXP + 12,000, gold + 415, Reputation + 270, and C-rank treasure telescope.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have obtained "Victory in Battle 5". You have received additional Command Power + 1.

Da Fei laughed maniacally. "Fight God-level me! Too good! Too good!"

…