Chapter 113: Attack Of The Devil

What does it mean to be a big country? Sawsaw showed the so-called number one hell in the China region. High-profile show of force is a symbol of the big country's confidence. It can avoid a lot of unnecessary strategic misjudgments and avoid a lot of diplomatic friction. In short, talking to people is not tiring.

Perhaps no matter how hard the Chinese racked their brains, they could not figure out what had just happened. There were many things that the Chinese could not figure out. Even so, they had to admit that the Chinese were much smarter than the Indians. If the Chinese could not figure it out, they could go to the stockade. The Indians would only be foolish enough to buy more. Therefore, the Indians were always so cute and the Chinese were always so hateful.

SawSaw didn't know much about Chinese culture, and he laughed every time he heard Chinese diplomatic words. But at least there was one thing he admired about Chinese culture, and that was going to the meeting alone. This was a phrase he had learned while playing the Japanese game of Chinese history.

Didn't the Chinese always brag that they were a 5,000-year-old civilized country? They couldn't even develop their own culture, and their culture was used by the enemy to earn money. It was really laughable. In fact, SawSaw also admired the samurai in Japanese culture. Unfortunately, whether it was the current Chinese or the Japanese, they no longer had the samurai. It was really laughable. Oh right, samurai was abolished by the United States after Japan was defeated. It's not the Japanese's fault, waaaaaa!

So, let this boss teach you Chinese and Japanese what it means to go to war alone and what it means to be a samurai!

The scene changed. Sawsaw reached the Pond of Light, the Demon Tribe’s camp.

"Oh! * * *!” Looking at the chaotic campgrounds and the sky filled with smoke and dust, SawSawton felt that the situation was not good.

An NPC Horned Devil stepped forward and said, "Welcome! Warrior, this is the front line of Hell. The temporary Executive Sir Cyriel needs help. Please go find him."

Sawsaw was puzzled. “A temporary executive?”

"Yes, just a moment ago, the previous Executive Lord Aleister was dismissed by the Demon King! Warrior, our opponent is very difficult to deal with. Please do your best!"

SawSaw laughed wildly! A powerful opponent! Good, very good!

Sawsaw met a fiery wizard hero at the watchtower in front of the coast. His soaring flames showed his high spirits.

He said with a solemn expression, “Welcome, warrior. The current situation is extremely bad. We need to stabilize the situation and rebuild it before waiting for the arachne reinforcements to arrive. Your current mission is to clean up the ancient passage in the southwest and clear the obstacles for the arachne reinforcements!”

"No! No! No, Sir!" Sawsaw shook his head furiously. "I'm a warrior, not a cleaner. I didn't come from Los Angeles to do this for you. I want to fight! Fight! Fight! Unterstand? Are you still a demon? Sir!"

Cyreal said in a low voice, "Our construction site has been destroyed. We don't have enough land, and we can't guarantee the speed of shipbuilding. We can't organize a large-scale attack either. We should stabilize our position now!"

“F*ck!!!” Sawsaw was furious! Dealing with NPCs was tiring, and the demeanor of a great country was useless.

And at this time, a sharp and mournful howl came from within the barrier.

SawSaw immediately said, "Sir, did you hear that? I want to fight! You can't stop a warrior's determination to fight! I have the confidence to deal with him! My strength is my confidence!"

"Very well! I forgive you for disobeying my superior. I'll give you one chance. If you fail, then shut up!"

"Yes, Sir!" Under the lead of more than ten demonic servant shipwrights, SawSaw excitedly entered the barrier and boarded a large oar boat. At this time, more than ten large oar boats on the coast not far away were like statues condensed together with lava. It was a thrilling scene.

Sawsaw sneered. The more powerful an opponent was, the more worthy it was to be decapitated. As a level 7 soldier demon, his strength was not something ordinary players could imagine.

— Greater Demon: Attack: 32, Defense: 32, Health: 211, Attack Speed: 10, Damage: 36-66, Fire Resistance: 90%, Magic Resistance: 60%. Special Skill: Teleportation, Summon the Lord of Abyss, Descent of Misfortune, Mind Immunity, Flame Cleave, Hatred Strike, Light Enemy

— Hero Special Ability: Senior Demon Commander, Hero, and the transportation distance of the Big Demon troops under his command + 50%, Damage of the Big Demon + 10.

When a normal player was born as a Pikeman with 0 Attack, 0 Defense, and 1-3 Damage, SawSaw was like a Great Demon with high attributes. Equality? America's universal concept of "equality" was never to make the strong as the weak, nor to make the weak as the strong. It was to let the strong obtain what the strong should have.

Therefore, such a powerful gaming account had taken nearly half a month just to complete the novice Trial Mission. If the trial failed, it meant that he was not strong and did not deserve to have it. Then, his gaming account might not even appear in front of the players of the world. He would only be stuck at the lowest level of hell playing single-player games.

Now, he was out at Level 27. Master Attack Skill, Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill, Grandmaster Logistics Skill, and Elementary Hell Portal. In the cruel trials at the lowest level of Hell, running and hiding was the only way for new players to survive. Because of this, he had reached a level that ordinary players could not hope to reach.

Right now, he was covered in top-grade equipment, and his Attack and Defense had reached a terrifying 70. With the addition of his level skills, equipment, and specialties, his Damage Dealt had also reached a terrifying 60-90. He was a humanoid Boss, and no player could withstand a single slash from him. This was his capital to fight alone. He hated leading troops. Apart from Level 7 Great Demons, no other soldier could keep up with his high-speed movements. He didn’t need to lead troops either. The enemies he killed would be sacrificed by him as a Devil to summon the Level 6 Abyss Overlord. This was the strength of a Great Demon born of a top-notch Infernal.

Now, with the NPC boatman in motion, the giant oar boat began to leave the shore.

"Not bad, this is awesome!"

At this moment, Da Fei, who was happily attacking the nest, suddenly received a system notification.

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! Enemy ships are only approaching you, please be alert!

Ah? Someone really dared to enter the water? Was my Cannon unfavorable?

Da Fei took out his binoculars and looked in the direction of the notification. Yes! American player! Where are the soldiers? What the heck! Just one person? Let me see your equipment first, haha!

…