Chapter 117: Nothing Can Be Done Without Me

Da Fei and the Thunder Fire Dragon added each other as friends.

Lei Huolong greeted, "So it's Brother Fei. Hello, Brother Fei!"

Dafei laughed and said, "Not at all, not at all. So you're the number one person in the Chinese server in the war resistance. Nice to meet you!"

"No, no. Just call me Classmate Lei."

"Hello, Classmate Lei!"

After some small talk, Lei Huolong asked, "Brother Fei, do you have any suggestions regarding this cooperation?"

He had not thought of a specific suggestion, but since they were partners, he had to find the best opportunity to make use of them! Da Fei laughed and said, "Firstly, there's one thing. The Chinese don't attack the Chinese. Is that okay?"

Lei Huolong smiled and said, "No problem, no problem."

Da Fei smiled and said, "Oh right, I want to know about the movements of the NPCs on the Demon Race's side. Of course, this isn't considered confidential. Anyway, once there are more players, the forum will naturally be exposed."

Lei Huolong laughed. “Brother Fei’s might is fierce. He crippled the Demon Race’s construction site. Our current mission is to rebuild it. Then, the NPCs will seek help from the arachne race. Before the reinforcements arrive, the NPCs won’t enter the water. Brother Fei, don’t worry and enjoy yourself.”

Da Fei was stunned. The Spider Demon race! The race of the Spider Hero? This is troublesome. These guys are all immune to Eaves Walk, Wall Walk, and Ninjas. My battleships and Flower Goblins can't use their advantage! The problem is, if the Spider Demon sends out its troops, will the Elven Kingdom send out their troops? Whether they can or not, I can't just sit back and do nothing, right?

Da Fei said shamelessly, "Can you think of a way to delay the arachne reinforcements? Once they arrive, I'll definitely fall. I can't fall now!"

Thunder Fire Dragon said with difficulty, "This… it's hard. We can't stop the NPCs if they come. This really isn't something we can talk about."

What the f*ck! What use do I have for you? Is this how you work together? Be careful that I don't sell you the scroll! Then I'll change it. I've always been worried about the Flower Goblin. If I work together with them to rescue the Flower Goblin from the tower, maybe the purification mission will be completed quickly? However, if I save the Flower Goblin, they have to fall out with the NPCs, right? This kind of thing is a betrayal of the faction, and it's worse than having a red name. Would they do this for me for a scroll that has yet to be negotiated?

Perhaps it was because Da Fei did not speak for a long time, the Thunder Fire Dragon sent another message. "Brother Fei can only talk to Boss about this. We can't make the decision."

Da Fei was stunned. Talk to the boss? That's right. Although we're working together, Student Ma didn't mention buying scrolls at all. Could it be that he's looking for an opportunity to bargain? This is a big deal! Even if it's just a few hundred thousand, tens of thousands of things are a big deal for me!

Originally, his brother had taken the initiative to look for him to cooperate and suggested that the Chinese should not attack the Chinese. This was already an advantage for him. If he were to ask him for help, with his character, wouldn't he be bullying the customers? Alright, he had to stabilize himself. Although this scroll was not as exaggerated as it was on the forums, the money for a house could not be reduced. This was his bottom line.

Da Fei laughed and said, "No problem, no problem. Everyone, take your time. If the wind direction changes, give me a reminder."

"Oh, sure. Brother Fei, take your time."

He didn’t believe that the arachne would really be able to take him down once they arrived. Could it be that all of them were as powerful as that hero? That was definitely impossible! Speaking of which, from the last words of the guardian who had turned into a vengeful spirit, it seemed that the Abyssal Blood Pool was the arachne’s lair? Since it involved the Abyssal Blood Pool, he naturally had to ask the old lady.

At that moment, the flower demons on the tree roots had finished repairing the fourth camp.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully repaired a Flower Demon Soldier Camp!

— System Message: A Forest Goddess has joined your army.

— System Message: The Flower Goblin Battalion has 20 Flower Goblin slots. Do you want to recruit?

Wahahaha, I have four Forest Goddesses now! I feel a sense of achievement every time I am able to accumulate these soldiers! If I am able to accumulate more than 20 of them, I will definitely become an ace healer!

At this moment, Old Madam Anwen arrived with the help of Serbia. “Captain, we can fight again today!”

What a crazy old lady! Da Fei laughed and said, "Okay! Next!"

Then, Da Fei asked, “Madam Anwen, it seems the demons are sending reinforcements from the arachne race to attack us. Do you have any countermeasures?”

Anwen laughed. “Isn’t that great? My mission is to assist the captain in attacking the Abyssal Blood Pool. Their lair will be empty if they mobilize on a large scale. We can activate the spatial transportation array on the ship and attack their lair! This is called an exchange!”

Exchange venue? Da Fei asked in shock, "What about our World Tree?"

Anwen laughed. “That’s none of my business. There should be someone to worry about, right?”

What the heck! What do you mean old but strong! This old lady's way of doing things is really ruthless! Da Fei exclaimed, "But without cleansing the Pool of Light, my ship can't be repaired. Can I just go to the Blood Pool?"

Anwen shook his head and sighed. “Don’t tell me you’ll be able to cleanse the Luminous Pond by the time the arachne reinforcements arrive and repair the ship?”

Da Fei let out a long sigh. "Madam is right! It looks like this is the only way!" Sigh, this life is full of ups and downs. It's really difficult to complete a mission according to my wishes. An Epic mission is an Epic mission! As long as I survive this, I won't accept any Epic missions for the rest of my life! It's too troublesome.

Anwen chuckled. “Oh right, Miss Katarina told me about the Pirate King’s Stealth Sailing. I’m very interested in that. If it’s really that miraculous, we’ll have an extra layer of protection when we raid the Abyss’ Blood Pool.”

Dafei quickly said, "Yes, yes, yes, Madam is right!"

At this moment, Da Fei's message rang. It was Dragon Scale. Damn, I didn't take the initiative to look for you, but you took the initiative to look for me? Indeed, when it comes to negotiations, whoever speaks first will be at a disadvantage. Wahahaha, are you afraid that I will be angry and regret not selling the scroll to you? En, not bad, I can go back on my words at any time.

Dragon Scale: "Mr. Da Fei, the Thunder Fire Dragon reported to me just now. I think you're in trouble?"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Isn't this not the time for us to meet? Besides, we can't possibly trouble Chairman Ma for this, right?"

Dragon Scale laughed loudly. “Actually, it’s not difficult to block the arachne reinforcements. That NPC official gave the players a mission to clear the ancient passage to welcome the arachne reinforcements. We can do the opposite. Instead of clearing the passage, we’ll have to build a large land and blockade it. Isn’t that enough?”

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped in shock! No way? This hemorrhoid cream is so loyal? Is it trying to please me? Is this scroll really that important to me? Isn't this equivalent to letting me use this opportunity to raise the price?

Da Fei said in shock, "Chairman Ma, what benefits do you get from this? Just to show me your sincerity?"

Long Lin laughed and said: "You are so straightforward, you are not beating around the bush at all. As expected of a famous person in the China region. It is good for me to say it, but you cannot reveal it."

Dafei hurriedly said, "No, no. If I don't reveal it, wouldn't I become a traitor?"

Long Lin said with a smile, “It’s very simple. I blocking the arachne’s passage is equivalent to forcibly delaying the progress of the mission. Those foreigners who have come to the China region, especially the Japanese, have nothing to do. They don’t even have a place to level up. If I stall them for a day, they’ll have one day less to level up. Not only that, but I’ll also have to resist the battle and fight them to the death, exhausting their levels and military strength. In any case, the Infernal Race of the China region isn’t worthy of being shown off. They can just do whatever they want. In other words, Tian Ji uses inferior horses to exhaust the other party’s superior horses. The superior horses of our China region will naturally seize the opportunity to level up and widen the gap between us and them.”

Da Fei said in surprise, "He actually thought so far ahead? Chairman Ma is truly talented and wise!"

Long Lin laughed and said, "No, no. Actually, I'm just trying to show you my sincerity. I'm afraid that you won't sell it to me if you're unhappy."

Ah! Da Fei laughed. "How is that possible? Chairman Ma is thinking too much." What the heck! I might not sell it if I'm unhappy!

Dragon Scale said seriously, "Actually, I just want to make one thing clear. There's nothing that the Dragon Slayer Guild can't do! Even if it's a place where our strength can't reach, we can still do big things. If you cooperate with us, be it now or in the future, Mr. Da Fei won't regret it!"

Da Fei was enlightened. So he was trying to win him over! Alright, then I'll help to solve the Flower Goblin problem later?

(An important guest has arrived at the festival. The ashtray isn't small and must be served by the head of a family. Sorry)