Chapter 110: The Chinese Players Are Very Friendly

Demonic Flame City, the closest city to the Pond of Light.

There was a huge square shining with magic light in the city. This was the Hell Gate, the signature building of the Infernal Race. It was the only facility for large-scale army teleportation. The more troops were teleported, the more magic power was consumed. Therefore, the duty of the Infernal Race's Rank 0 soldier, Demonic Neonate, was to collect magic power. Demonic Neonate's special skill was to collect the magic power that permeated the entire space and then hand it over every month. It was the same principle as a human Rank 0 soldier farmer paying taxes of 1 gold coin every month. It showed how important magic power was to the Infernal Race.

Amidst the flashing magic light, the players from various countries were teleported over. In front of each player's name was the flag icon of their country's players.

At this moment, a large number of Hell players from the China server had five-star red flags on their heads as they went forward to watch the foreigners.

In fact, for some ordinary players, they did not have any intention of invading China at the first moment. Instead, they sang "Beijing Welcomes You" and approached the foreign pretty girls to strike up a conversation. At this moment, a Portuguese blonde beauty, Christina, became the center of attention for the Chinese players. She became the center of attention for the other foreign guys. Those who kissed, those who kissed, those who half-knelt, and those who confessed, were all open and filled with all kinds of emotions.

— "Hello, everyone! I am the live reporter for Hero News, Demoness 7. Now that the Kingdom War has started, a large number of foreign players have come to the China server. The foreign players seem to be surprised by the cross-border tourism, and they are warmly greeting us Chinese players. Now, we are here to interview a foreign Austrian player!"

— "Hello! Nicmeetyou! Welchina! Hello, welcome to China. How are you feeling?"

That foreign player excitedly hugged the female reporter and started kissing her! A group of foreign players gathered in front of the camera and made a V-shape gesture!

“Yes! Good! Socool, waaaaah!”

— "Haha! Everyone saw it. The foreign players are very enthusiastic! Hero Creation is a world-class online game. Its greatest charm is to be able to communicate with players from all over the world. Now, a Canadian player has come. Let's interview him! Sir, hello! Welchina!"

"Oh! Hello, hello! I came to China because I heard that there are a lot of gold coins in China. I have some good equipment that I want to sell for a good price. Miss, can you help me advertise?"

"Haha! Let's see what Sir's equipment is then?"

"Thank you, beautiful lady. I will reveal my equipment immediately!"

— Lion Heart Necklace: [A] Class Strategy Treasure. Army morale + 3, Luck + 3.

Instantly, the surroundings were in an uproar!

“Wow!!! An [A] class treasure! Sir, how much are you planning to sell it for?”

"No! No! I only want gold coins! No money! At least 300,000 gold coins!"

"300,000! Although it's not very expensive compared to treasures, no player can afford 300,000!"

"No! No! It's precisely because it's not easy to take out 300,000 that I'm selling it at this price. I need gold coins to accumulate an early advantage! Isn't there a lot of gold coins factories in the China server? This shouldn't be a problem, right?"

At this moment, a Chinese player saw this and immediately stepped forward. "Sir, I have a good item here. Are you willing to exchange it?"

At once, players from all over the world were inspired and took out their treasures. The Demonic Flame City plaza instantly became an international market.

— "Hello, everyone! The foreign players have received a warm welcome in China. The Chinese players have shown their qualities to the international community, displayed their style, and transmitted positive energy to the entire world. This is the live broadcast of the reporter Demoness 7. We will follow up on this…"

Perhaps some players had already discovered that there were not many players from the Japanese region among the players of the various countries, and the Infernal Race of the Japanese region was publicly acknowledged as the strongest in the world. What was going on?

Akihabara, Mitsubishi ABC Software Building. This time, there was no meeting. All the team members were on standby.

When the world's information indicated that the battlefield was in the China server, Mitsubishi battle team keenly sensed that something was amiss! Yes, because of some territorial disputes between the two countries, civil conflicts were very serious. Once players from the Japanese server aggressively landed in the China server, it would be like blowing up a gunpowder keg. Chinese players or Chinese netizens could play etiquette with other countries, but they would not be polite to Japan.

At this moment, the team's manager, President Fifty Lan, was having an emergency meeting with Chairman Masayama Naoki.

Fifty Lan said seriously, "Director, our situation is a little delicate. That Ma Yinglong from the Dragon Slayer Guild is not reliable. He must have hidden the information and set up a trap to deal with us. Perhaps we will be attacked by the two big guilds in the China server."

Matsuyama chuckled. "Fifty Lanfeng, if you don't even have the confidence to deal with the players of a country, how are you going to lead us to dominate the world?"

Fifty Lan broke out in a cold sweat. "Director! That's not what I meant. I'm worried that if the start doesn't go well, it will affect the views of the other allies!"

Matsuyama smiled grimly. "Your worries are reasonable. Courage is not without strategy. We can wait. After the allies have ascertained the situation, we will strike at lightning speed without giving anyone time to react! Swift as the wind and Xu Rulin's invasion is like an immovable mountain. What we need to do now is immovable like the mountain!"

"Hi!"

• • •

Dragon Slaying Network Entertainment Company.

Ma Yinglong was watching the news while talking to the president of Stars Guild, Long Xiangtian, who was also known as the Eternal Star. The atmosphere was as unpleasant as ever.

Ma Yinglong smiled coldly. "Boss Long, are you trying to accuse me of being a traitor by saying that? I, Ma, have to suffer the consequences of playing with an undead. Tell me, I only have a few peripheral members of the Hell race. How much power do I have to sell my country? I advise Boss Long to focus on resisting the war and not become a national sinner!"

With a click, Ma Yinglong hung up the phone. Hmph, threatening me, and you still want to compete with me for the title of the number one person in the war? Just obediently wait for your orders. By the time you move out, it will be too late.

At that moment, Ma Yinglong's phone rang again. It was the Japanese. F*ck! All the gunmen who had contributed to the nation were ready. They were just waiting for you to ignite the passion of the war. In the end, when other countries came, only you didn't come. Why the hell did you call?

"Hello? President Shi Lan, hello!"

Fifty Lan sighed and said, "Mr. Ma, we are very puzzled by this situation. We are just playing games. We don't want to mix in irrelevant factors in the game. I want to hear Mr. Ma's opinion."

Ma Yinglong chuckled and said, "I'm just a gamer. I understand Mr. Fifty Lan's feelings very well. I'm sure Mr. President can understand my embarrassment. Of course, this has always been the basis of our cooperation. I feel that the safest way is for you to give up on this Kingdom War. Of course, this is also a huge regret for me. To be honest, I really hope that I can use Mr. Fifty Lan's power to defeat my old enemy in the game."

Fifty Lan chuckled and said, "Mr. Ma and I are indeed kindred spirits! However, this is the state of affairs!"

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, "The state of affairs? Hasn't China and Japan always been friendly with each other?"

Fifty Shades of Lan smiled and said, "Yes, yes, yes! Sino-Japanese friend! Sino-Japanese friend!"

Ma Yinglong laughed and said, "That's right!"

Fifty Lan smiled and said, "We hope to play the game quietly under the influence of public opinion. I wonder if Mr. Ma has any ideas?"

Ma Yinglong chuckled. "Please allow me to reconsider…”

The two of them hung up.

Fifty Lan gritted his teeth. "Cunning Chinese. After we stabilize you, the Indian allies will deal with you."

Ma Yinglong laughed coldly. "Matriarch, I'll lead the way. In front of us is the huge pit of Doomsday!"

• • •

Devil Fire City. The teleportation array flashed again and a new group of players appeared. Among them were two American players looking around.

"Oh! * japan?" Seeing that there was not a single Japanese person in sight, SawSaw angrily cursed.

Captain Wolf King laughed out loud. "You want to be the world's leader with this kind of attitude? What a joke! This is the Japanese! They will always judge the situation based on the ideology of businessmen. They will never be able to take responsibility. They will always have to gather a few people to bolster their courage. Even if someone is brave, they will not be able to advance. They will never become a big country!"

SawSaw laughed and said, "Then let's show them what it means to be a big country!" After saying that, he rushed out of the city and headed towards the front line.

The prelude to the Kingdom War officially began with the decapitation operation in a friendly and harmonious atmosphere.

…