Chapter 111: The Unbelievable Old Madam Anwen

The chaos of the lava spillage did not last long before it was cooled down by the demons familiar with lava. The cooled lava gave off a brilliant glaze, like brocade reaching into the sea.

The short period of chaos caused a huge amount of damage. At the very least, the construction site that drilled the well must have been completely destroyed. Without this construction site, the other small areas would probably be suspended for a long time. This meant that the Devil Race would definitely not be able to continue producing warships in the short term, and they would also not be able to produce that * * * *. This greatly relieved Da Fei's pressure.

More importantly, the mission to attack the Abyssal Blood Pool had finally started. Under normal circumstances, this should have only started after completing the purification mission, right? However, from the mission hint, the demons had also launched a mission to attack. There was nothing normal about this. After all, he was not fighting alone. This was more reliable.

And opening the Abyssal Blood Pool mission meant that old lady Anwen should appear? As long as she could appear, not to mention the success of the fake Stealth Sailing, her subordinates alone would be able to accomplish great things. There was hope for them to break out of this situation!

Hence, Da Fei excitedly climbed back to the barrier and returned to SV Fly.

As expected, Serbia was supporting the black-robed Anwen on the deck to enjoy the scenery. Seeing Da Fei return, he called out excitedly, “Captain is back!”

Da Fei descended gracefully from the sky and bowed to the old lady. “Madam Anwen, are you feeling better?” Wahaha, I’m finally awake. I’ve taken a fancy to the 100 Archdruids you brought!

— Archdruid, Level 4 Elven Armament Form, Attack: 13. Defense: 11. Damage: 10-15. Health: 50, Attack Speed: 11, Movement Speed: 12, Magic Power: 40, Magic Resistance: 75%. Special Skill: Long-range shooting, Advanced Destruction Spell Lightning Blast, Advanced Light Magic Vitality Regeneration.

This was the legendary God-level wild monster, the Archdruid. The first shot killed the player's weak long-range attacks, the second shot destroyed the player's infantry, and the third shot ended the battle. All players would have to avoid it if they encountered it in the wild.

Lightning Damage under Advanced Destruction Spell was 32 + 15x mana, and it consumed 12 mana points. The magic damage of a Druid of the Storm was 32 points, and 100 Druids of the Storm would deal 3,200 points of damage together! Compared to the Druid's Ultimate Human Reversal Lightning, his other health regeneration spell, Vitality Regeneration, had almost no chance of appearing. In short, being able to blast HP regeneration and long-range, God-level creeps were not for nothing!

Anwen chuckled. “Thank you for taking care of me. I’m fine for now. I feel like I don’t have much time left and can’t wait to do something. Please give me your orders, Captain.”

Wahahaha! I finally have a use for him. I don't have Brother Zhan's spot as a hero. However, don't keep saying that your days are numbered. I'm a good young man who respects the old and loves the young.

Da Fei asked, “The demons are currently besieging the Luminous Pool. I’m afraid we won’t be able to attack the Abyssal Blood Pool. Do you have any suggestions, Ms. Anwen?”

Anwen nodded. “Attacking has always been a demon’s style. Since we can’t attack, we’ll naturally defend on the spot. Let’s get rid of the bugs in the Luminous Pool and relieve the pressure on the World Tree first!”

That was perfect! Da Fei was overjoyed. “There are too many bugs in the Pond of Light. Does Madam Anwen have a way to deal with them?”

Anwen said with a smile, “Our army is powerful, so why should we be afraid of Little Worm? But please hand over these hundred or so flower demons to me, Captain! We’ll start clearing the area from here!”

Da Fei laughed out loud. “Good! What a strong combat power. I was waiting for you to say that! Then we’ll have to rely on Madam Anwen!”

Da Fei immediately assigned 127 Flower Goblins to her name. However, what did she want the Flower Goblin for? Her specialty was "Queen Bee". As her level increased, the effect of the Honeycomb Disturbing Magic would increase. Could it be that her specialty could also affect the spells of the army? That was impossible. The text description of her specialty did not seem to say that. If that was the case, wouldn't it be too heaven-defying?

However, at this moment, it was naturally better to have all sorts of heaven-defying geniuses! Even if he didn't, he wouldn't be satisfied.

Now, SV Fly started to sail towards the nearest bug nest. There were more than 200 Jungle Hunters, 100 Archdruid, 100 Flower Goblins, and a few Goblin Empresses and Forest Goddesses on the deck.

As for Da Fei, he seized the opportunity to enter the artillery cabin and reallocated a Ballista for himself. The few parts left behind by the 8 HP old Ballista when it collapsed were very important to Da Fei. During the open beta, he did not seem to have heard that the Ballista could retrieve a few Adamantine parts after being reimbursed. Could this be the sign of advancing to a Grandmaster Ballista? No, there was no system notification.

It did not matter. During this expedition, the Ballista parts sponsored by the kingdom were enough for Da Fei to reassemble many new Ballista parts. Then, he would not stand on ceremony. He just had to destroy the Ballista three times in a row. He would see how many parts he could recycle after destroying each Ballista. Who knew, he might be able to produce a brand new Ballista after retrieving more parts?

The nearest bug hive had arrived.

There was nothing much to be said. The battleship faced each other horizontally, and all 16 cannons were opened, firing!

At the same time, golden light flashed!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, has cast a Master-level light spell on the entire army. "Power of Righteousness, + 15 Attack! Spell duration: 1 day."

— Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom!!! Amidst the loud explosions that shook the ship, two rows of crossbow bolts shot out. The blood from the huge mountain of flesh gushed out like a fountain, exploding with ear-piercing screams. The densely packed beetles on the surrounding tree roots attacked SV Fly! It's here, Da Fei's heart tightened.

— Ready! The Forest Archers raised their bows in front of them!

Golden light flashed again!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, has cast a master-level light spell "Tenacious Power" on the whole army. All defense + 15! The spell lasts for one day.

Although Serbia's Song of the Sea special ability and the Ancient Wind in its environment both enhanced the effects of light magic, the priority of this large-scale magic of the entire army was to reduce the consumption of magic power. If it was only used for one unit, the consumption of magic power would definitely not be reduced. Then, the bonus effect would be reflected in the increase in attributes, which was not just 15 points.

Closer! The swarm of bugs that filled the sky came crashing down like dark clouds. Last time, Da Fei suffered a huge loss and lost seven Forest Hunters. What about this time?

Anwen was the first to move. She raised her left hand, and the hundred druids raised their staffs at the same time. Electricity flickered on the spell formation!

Da Fei was stunned. What's going on? Why are the heroes and troops attacking at the same time? Their attack speed is totally different, okay?

— Boom!!! A bolt of lightning lit up the dark clouds! Anwen and the druids attacked at the same time!

The swarm of bugs in the sky shook violently! That's right, in Hero Genesis, magic bombarded tactical positions, and it blasted an entire unit. Therefore, even if it was a single-target spell, the visual effect was still the same. And unlike other games, the damage of magic was distributed by all units. Therefore, even though each of these swarm of bugs only had 2 HP, under the distribution of a huge base, they were still injured and not dead.

It was at this time that Anwen raised his right hand, and all of the flower demons raised their hands at the same time. Buzz! The swarm of bees descended from the sky!

The swarm of bugs turned into a rain of blood! A white rain of blood! A huge amount of EXP notifications appeared!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has reached Level 23!

Da Fei was stunned! Old lady, why are you so awesome!

Now, there were only a few larger beetles left in the sky. These must be the elite beetles. There was nothing else to say. They were served by the forest hunters.

The outcome had been decided. The bug hive, which had lost its claws and teeth, was like a sandbag. Another row of ballistae was fired, and the mountain of flesh collapsed with a miserable scream.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have destroyed the Devil Insect Lair and gained 100,000 EXP!

The entire ship was filled with cheers! With the old lady’s help, the second bug hive was as easy as reaching for a bag! If that was the case, wouldn’t the hundreds of bug nests in the Luminous Pond be easily captured?

After so long, I was waiting for you to wake up!

Da Fei’s face was full of tears. “Ms. Anwen, why are your spells so different?”

Anwen chuckled. “This is a skill I learned from the bees’ orderly rhythm and chirping during my retirement. I named it Bee’s Melody, but I later discovered that it can be applied to other magic creatures, so I renamed it Magic Coordination. It’s a unique skill that allows me to allocate one point of my magic power attribute to a unit. A unit can only use it once a day, and it requires a grandmaster level meditation technique!”

— System Message: You received information about the hidden skill "Magic Coordination".

Da Fei was shocked! The hero's mana was allocated 1 point to the troops! What the heck! It was indeed heaven-defying! Although 1 point of mana was dispensable for the hero himself, it was extremely terrifying for the huge number of troops!

For example, Druid's Advanced Lightning Damage = 32 + 15x mana;

Flower Goblin's Elementary Wasp Disturbance Damage = 3 + 8x mana.

Due to the fact that the soldiers did not have magic attributes, the damage dealt by the Druids and the Flower Goblins were all basic values. Once they were allocated one point of magic power to the troops, the damage dealt by the Druids would become 47, increasing the damage by 50%! The Flower Goblins were even more exaggerated, doubling their damage!

What did this mean? It meant that at this moment, all the flower demons were newbie heroes with one point of magic power!

Godly Hero! Godly skill! Ms. Anwen, please accept my knee!

…