Chapter 116: Alliance With The Dragon Slaying Guild

When he suddenly realized that there were players with such incredible backgrounds in the world, Da Fei felt extremely annoyed! However, for Da Fei, who was used to the fact that American technology was 50 years ahead of the world, and Chinese real estate was 50 years ahead of the world, there was no advantage that he could not overcome. The most important thing now was to find allies to counter the other party.

After settling down the troops, Da Fei hurriedly went to the forum to check on the situation. After all, there was a Kingdom War, and various experts had to appear on the forum.

As expected, there were all kinds of posts on the forum, "Guild of Stars rises up and takes down the whole world!", "Dragon Slayer Guild, where are you standing?", "If the Dragon Slayer Guild attacks the Pool of Light, it will be a traitor", "The game is a game. Everyone, don't randomly curse and accuse others", which blinded Da Fei's eyes. There were no experts, but there were a lot of patriotic youths.

Allies. People who could help each other fight. Friends. People who could help each other borrow money.

He could forget about borrowing money. Hence, Da Fei definitely did not have any friends. He had allies everywhere. Da Fei targeted Star Guild and Dragon Slayer Guild.

From the looks of the situation on the forum, Stars Guild was on standby, waiting for the underground situation to evolve further. F*ck, it seems like they're counting on me to open up the situation? Useless! I can't even guarantee my own safety anymore. Could it be that when I fall, the system will announce that the Kingdom War will start after the mission fails, and then the Elven Kingdom will send troops? F*ck! I can't count on them anymore. But isn't the Dragon Slaying Guild right in front of me?

But what right did the Dragon Slayer Guild have to cooperate with the brothers from the opposing faction? If they were afraid of being labeled as traitors, then it wouldn't be a national war? This was a game, alright! Back then, when the hemorrhoid cream was used to kill people in the game's skinbag field until they reached Level 0, was the kind of person who was fishing for fame and glory? En, as a person, if their status was high, they had to consider the impact of their reputation. Tsk, what high status. A mere boss of a game, compared to a naked official who had his whole family run overseas?

In that instant, Da Fei thought of the private message from the Dragon Slayer Guild in his inbox about buying the Heroes' Heritage. Perhaps this was the opportunity to cooperate?

En, as they chatted, Da Fei started to reply to the Dragon Battle that left the message. "I admire the Dragon Slayer Guild's strength and credibility very much. I'm also very interested in selling this Heroes' Heritage to your guild. However, I'm not willing to trade with an organization whose stance is unclear in the war. I want to know your guild's stand."

After sending the message, Da Fei waited anxiously for a reply.

At this moment, the flower demons were repairing the third camp. The druids were resting and recovering their magic power. The flower demons no longer had any magic power. The druids could still release a bolt of lightning, and the magic power of Serbia could be revived once more. Today, they could still fight one last battle and take down the fourth camp. At that time, they would immediately hide in the depths of the Pool of Light and not be easily found by the revengeful Americans.

While he was deep in thought, a notification popped up on the forum. A reply!

Da Fei hurriedly checked. "Hello! I'm Dragon Slayer Guild's Long Zhan. I'm very happy that you trust and admire our guild. However, I'm only in charge of negotiating the price. Regarding the development of the guild, it really doesn't matter. Personally, I think that we just need to earn money. Why should we be conflicted about the fact that there's no need to shoot shadows in the game?"

F*ck, I have to earn money and do things! In order to not get tired of talking, I have to use a big move.

Da Fei decided to reveal his identity. "Of course it's related, because I'm the Superhero candidate sent by the Elven Kingdom in this Kingdom War. My game name is Da Fei, and I have a huge battleship. I just defeated an awesome American! If you don't believe me, I'll send you a screenshot!"

Hence, Da Fei immediately dragged Bao Bao's Hero Inheritance picture frame under his game name and took a group photo to take a screenshot. Then, he also took a screenshot of the system message that he used to kill the Merikan earlier. Then, he opened the big battlefield view in the game and sent a screenshot of his battleship from the sky. He sent three pictures together. Humph, there was no photoshopped at all. A fool would not believe it!

Long Zhan immediately replied: "So it's Mister Da Fei. I've heard a lot about him. How about this, I've already contacted our president and asked him to add Mister as a friend in the game to talk to you personally? His game ID is Long Lin!"

"Okay!" Oh right, I'm really not interested in talking to minions! But what does my thunderous voice mean? Don't tell me you're worried about my reputation and bear a grudge against me? There's no need for that. I'm a professional player now. Besides, it's not my first time dealing with the Dragon Slayer Guild. Wahahaha!

Not long after, a message came.

— System Message: Player Dragon Scale has requested to add you as a friend. Do you agree?

Wahaha! Agreed! Brother Hemorrhoids, long time no see! Guess who I am? I'm not a phone liar!

Dragon Scale: "So it's Mr. Da Fei, I've heard a lot about you!"

Dafei: "I've heard so much about President Long!"

"Hehe, my surname is Ma. I love slaying dragons the most."

Da Fei smiled and said, "Chairman Ma, when I posted the legacy that day, I saw all the posts on the forum. I don't think that's the case."

Long Lin smiled and said, "That's right. My favorite butcher, President Long, really doesn't want me to buy this inheritance, so he deliberately raised the price without any responsibility. It's hard to say in the online gaming world. It's very common for a godly item to drop from the sky. I think that if the market really changes, it will be quite a loss for Sir. Therefore, I suggest that Sir sell it as soon as possible. It's better to be safe than sorry. What you earn is money."

Da Fei smiled and said, "Let's not talk about the price for now. I can't make a deal even if I want to. I'm a quest member of the Elven Kingdom and am trapped in the Pool of Light. However, there must be someone from Chairman Ma's side by the Pool of Light, right? That can be traded!"

Long Lin immediately said, "Just now, Mister's request, Long Zhan, told me. We might as well talk about it in detail."

Da Fei smiled and said, "As expected of Chairman Ma, you're a straightforward person! Let me be clear, Chairman Ma won't be able to gain much from this Kingdom War. At the very least, the benefits won't be as good as my Inheritance Scroll. The reason is very simple. The Merikans are so strong! If I say that the Merikan named SawSaw that I killed just now was a Level 7 Great Demon with a military background, would you believe me? He was too arrogant and didn't even bring a single soldier with him before he was surrounded and killed by my large army. The next time he appears, he will definitely come to take revenge. I'm afraid! That's why I want Chairman Ma to cooperate with me. We will work together from the inside and out to overcome difficulties together. We will get rid of the pagoda and restore China. Oh right, Chairman Ma, are you laughing at me? I'm asking a tiger for its skin."

Dragon Scale was slightly stunned as he laughed and said, "What a good 'asking a tiger for its skin'! Regardless of who the tiger is, at least we can work together to overcome the difficulties! Even if it's not for this scroll, we still have to cooperate! I suggest that we report our location to each other in the game. How about that?"

Da Fei smiled and said, "No problem! Chairman Ma, you can kill me at any time, but don't let me fall now. Once I fall, the Kingdom War will start, and the entire Elven Kingdom will be mobilized. Boss Long might not buy my legacy scroll!"

Long Lin laughed and said, "Sir, you really know how to joke. Very well, I will let the Thunder Fire Dragon add you as a friend. We will discuss the details!"

"Alright!

After ending the conversation with Da Fei, Ma Yinglong leaned back on the sofa and stared at the ceiling in a daze. This Da Fei was actually a hero sent by the Elven Kingdom. It was reasonable. Regardless of whether this Da Fei was a liar or not, whether he was sincere in negotiating with him, at least in the current situation, cooperating with Da Fei, this "enemy", was the most advantageous way out. Da Fei also reported to the American Thunder Fire Dragon just now. It was indeed very unbelievable. Now that Da Fei confirmed that he was a Level 7 soldier, Ma Yinglong's shock was imaginable.

This American was enough to change the situation, not to mention the Japanese.

The key was, how long could he work with this Da Fei for? That's right, this was indeed asking a tiger for its skin. That would depend on who was the tiger! However, why did he feel that Da Fei's words were to his liking? Have we met before?

After ending the conversation with the hemorrhoid cream, Da Fei felt a little more at ease. Wasn't there a saying that one should be afraid of stupid teammates if they weren't afraid of God-like opponents? There was no need for the members of the Dragon Slayer Guild to be strong. As long as they were strong enough to cheat the Merikans until they lost their temper.

— System Message: Player Thunder Fire Dragon has requested to add you as a friend. Do you agree?

Wahaha, here comes the errand boy! Brother, I have a very important collaboration project for you. Otherwise, I won't sell the scroll to you!

…