Chapter 118: The Indian Who Attacked

No matter what, with the Dragon Slayer Guild's help, Da Fei was finally relieved. He could finally make use of the time to clear the nest. The most important thing now was to upgrade Serbia's level and skills.

When Serbia was level 30, the Ocean's Holy Song's specialty was to increase the effect of light magic by 30% on the sea. In addition to the 25% increase by a Master-level nun, there was a total of 55%. If this effect was used on a single unit, it would naturally be able to heal 100 HP, so it would heal 155 HP. However, this effect was not calculated in large armies. The magic power consumption of healing large armies was often dozens of times more than individual healing, so the 55% increase meant that the magic power consumption would be reduced by 55%. In other words, saving magic power was the priority.

The meditation technique and the sub-skill under the meditation technique were both quite powerful. In short, as long as she solved the magic power problem and revived Worriless, the battle would definitely become faster. Then, even losing a bit of troops would be acceptable.

With 100,000 EXP and a sky full of bugs, it was unknown how much EXP Serbia had. It was definitely like riding a rocket to level up. It seemed that her EXP was not far from level 25. As long as she could take down the fifth nest, she would definitely level up. With full mana, she could fight another battle!

Da Fei's plan was complete. At the same time, he lamented that he had become a helpful person after not seeing the hemorrhoid cream for so many years. He then rushed to the next nest.

At this moment, the Dragon Slaying Guild had already started to fund the purchase of stone materials from the Demonic Flame City Merchant Association. They had also mobilized all the high-level members to bring their materials to the mission location. That's right, blocking the road wasn't something that could be done by just picking up a few stones in the game. It required stone materials, wood, and other materials to build the city. This was also considered quite a large sum of money. Of course, under the principle of secrecy, the members didn't know what use it had for the time being.

For the Dragon Slayer Guild, winning Da Fei over was one of the reasons. After all, with such a strong player appearing in the Guild of Light, as long as one was not blind, they could not turn a blind eye to him. Ma Yinglong himself was an Internet cafe youth. Back then, he had done all sorts of PvP and black equipment, so he did not mind dealing with people like Da Fei.

The most important thing was to compete with the stars.

As long as the dragon slaying blocked the arachne’s passage and delayed the progress of the game, the Elven Kingdom would still choose to watch from the sidelines and not fight. Starry could only stand by and wait for orders. Meanwhile, the dragon slaying had already begun leading the hellish players in the entire China server to mingle with the foreign players, gaining more attention and expanding the influence. The most important thing was that the dragon slaying’s own Hell Race wasn’t strong, and losing would only harm the vitality of ordinary players. It wouldn’t have any serious impact on the guild. In the name of patriotism, it would be honorable even if it was defeated. Winning would only add to the splendor. In short, this was a small gamble with a huge profit. Regardless of success or failure, he would be the victor.

As for the progress of stalling the foreigners to level up, it was obviously a joke.

Hence, for a big guild like Dragon Slaying Star, which had hundreds of thousands of people, they pursued the power struggle. They did not care about the gains and losses of a city. They were not on the same level as ordinary players like Da Fei who cared about the gains and losses of a ship and a troop.

Could Da Fei use a scroll to threaten the Dragon Slayer? Obviously not.

To Dragon Slaying, this scroll was very important and not important. If someone were to compete with him, then it would be important. If no one fought with him, then it would be even better. However, it wouldn’t be threatened by others, so it wasn’t important.

How should he put it? It was just like a deserted island. It wasn't very valuable, but once the two countries started fighting, it would be different. Both sides could use this island as an excuse to test the other party's strategic bottom line, engage in diplomatic and military expansion, and so on. They could interfere with the other party's development path, even drag down the other party's economy, or have ulterior motives, etc.

Therefore, if someone wanted to compete with the Dragon Slayer for this scroll, the Dragon Slayer would definitely use this as a pretext to make the other party vomit blood. If no one wanted to compete, the Dragon Slayer was not in a hurry to make a bid. This was also the reason why Ma Yinglong did not negotiate with Da Fei.

At the end of the day, in Starry or Dragon Slayer's eyes, Da Fei was just a pawn in the important position.

Although Da Fei did not have the awareness of being a pawn, he at least had the awareness of being a normal player to care about his own gains and losses. Therefore, he did not mention the matter of the Flower Goblin for now. After all, Deirdre's mentor had been promoted to become a temporary leader. As a proud student, her status naturally rose as well. It was only a matter of time before she became a hero. Even if he wanted to save the Flower Goblin, he would have to wait until Deirdre became a hero. Then, he would be able to turn against her without any scruples.

• • •

The Devil's Camp became lively. More and more Infernal players from various countries appeared. Most of these countries were scattered members of the European Union. Many of them seemed to have seen the flag before, but most of them were unknown. These players wandered around the camp. Rather than saying that they were here to fight, it was more like they were here to tour around or collect intelligence. As for large teams, Japan, America, and Russia, none of them appeared.

After all, it was the first national war and the main battlefield was not in the New World but only as reinforcements. The purpose was not clear and the benefits were not clear. Of course, the large teams would not act rashly.

Besides, the Japanese had not moved before the war, so the other teams would not be in a hurry. Therefore, the various teams were now stepping on the ground to see how much benefits this war would bring and whether it was worth it for the whole army to move out. At the same time, they were also collecting information about the China server. The players in the China server were in a strange mood, so they had to consider this seriously.

Amir Khan, a player with an Indian flag above his head, was strolling through the demon camp.

Although India is a large country, it rarely gets a medal in various international sports competitions, and their flag is more like that of many European countries, so many players don’t recognize the Indian flag, so Amir Khan looks so ordinary among tourists at this moment.

Normal was good. Normal was the most important feature of a spy. 007 was a movie.

That's right. Amir Khan was a spy sent by the number one guild in India, the Eight-Divisional Skydragon. The guilds in India were different from other countries. The United States focused on the human race, Japan focused on hell, Korea focused on elves, Russia focused on dwarves, the European Union focused on all sorts of things, and China focused on all kinds of things. As for India, it focused on all kinds of things! The so-called Eight-Divisional Skydragon referred to the guilds focusing on the six major races of light and darkness, as well as researching how to enter the Neutral Mage College, as well as the eight departments of a certain hidden race. The names of the eight divisions were: Sky, Dragon, Yaksha, Gandharva, Asura, Naraka, and Moroga. And most importantly, Skydragon left the Magic College and a certain hidden race.

All in all, the name of the Indian guild was awesome, and the strategy of all-out attack was awesome! Of course, as a hacker race, India naturally had the capital to be awesome.

Firstly, the population was second only to China. Secondly, the electronic information industry was developed. Thirdly, India often considered itself an ancient country of the Eastern Civilization. It also had British blood and was very popular internationally. All he had to do was put on a hostile attitude towards China, and Western countries would immediately launch large amounts of military sales. India had always had a sense of superiority compared to its neighbors who were restrained, banned, and aging.

It was precisely because India was too open-minded internationally and had too many options that he did not have any scruples. Therefore, he did not need to be like Japan, where he had to cling to America's thigh at all times and completely did not need to. On the contrary, America still had to look after India in the Indian Ocean.

Therefore, the Indians really did not want to be too superior. They drank the Ganges River water to become Indians.

And India, so self-important as it is, can do anything, but it lacks the strength to do anything, and the result is not always dominant, so its great-power strategies often have a sense of fishing in troubled waters, where there are benefits, where there are benefits.

Similarly, the Indian guilds were also trying to fish in troubled waters! Amir Khan's mission was to see if the Kingdom War would bring any benefits.

As a spy, Amir Khan was naturally one of the best in India. His thinking was also different from that of ordinary people. He could often discover things that others could not see or think of. Of course, it could also be understood as that of a mentally ill person.

At this time, Amir Khan's unique sense of smell attracted Amir Khan's attention among the spies from all over the demon camp. He focused his attention on the tall magic watchtower. The flashing green light on the top of the watchtower was completely unlike the magic energy form of the demon race. There must be a secret that ordinary players could not reach there.

Quietly, quietly, he moved towards the watchtower. His figure became more blurry. So, he moved stealthily in front of everyone. He did not feel his presence in the crowd. This was his talent.

Recommending an app that was comparable to an old version of a book chasing divine weapon.

He grabbed Suo Fei's hook and placed it on the window of the watchtower. He crawled, crawled, crawled, and crawled to the window sill. Then, he peeked into the window. A beautiful face appeared in front of him. He was stunned! He knew that he had discovered something that ordinary secret agents had not discovered!

…