Chapter 119: Betting On India'S Pride

The moment Amir Khan's eyes met with the beautiful face of the Enchantress of Hell, the world of Amir Khan stopped. Only when the Enchantress of Hell hurriedly put on her apprentice mage mask did she wake up.

"My lady, you are truly my moon. May I be of service?"

The Enchantress of Hell shook her head and sighed with an extremely pleasant voice. "Hero, this is a military restricted area. Please do not climb as you please."

Amir Khan was intoxicated. "It was fate that made me meet you. Nothing can stop it!"

The Enchantress of Hell shook her head and sighed. "I really envy you children of destiny who have nothing to do. And I am indeed struggling hard on the path of becoming a hero. I am very troubled now. Please don't disturb me. Quickly go down."

Amir Khan shook his head. “It was your fate to meet me, my lady. You can tell me if you have any trouble.”

"It's fate?!" The Enchantress of Hell's body trembled.

Amir Khan stepped closer. "Yes, the only moon in my night sky. May I be of service to you?"

The Enchantress of Hell trembled as she said, "I, from an ordinary Enchantress, became an Elite step by step and became the leader. Now, I am under Master Cyriel's tutelage, trying to become a hero. However, I have tried hard to meditate for so long and also memorized the incantation skillfully, but I am still unable to break through the limitations of my own aptitude and release the simplest darkness magic. If I still can't break through, then I have no aptitude. Mentor Cyriel will remove me from the list of disciples. He doesn't want an idiot to ruin his reputation. Hero, can you let me cast a spell? Can you let me become a hero? If you can, I will be your moon. If not, please don't waste my time. If the hero is caught, you will be imprisoned."

— System Message: The leader of Hell's Enchantress, Deirdre, has sent you a mission, "Road of Heroes". Do you accept?

— Mission Hint: The leader creature is the closest to being a hero. When the leader creature obtains magic power and knowledge attributes, it means entering the threshold of a hero.

Looking at the row of messages that suddenly appeared, Amir's eyes widened and he accepted it without hesitation. "Dear, wait for me! Believe me! I will do my best to fulfill your wish! You are the only moon in my heart!"

With that said, he immediately slid down the sentry tower and hurriedly reported to the headquarters.

This was a shocking discovery! An amazing harvest! What did it mean for a boss to grow into a hero? For example, if a boss with 10000 HP and 100 damage became a hero, it meant that the hero’s Level 0 attribute was 10,000 HP and 100 damage! The boss’s end point was the starting point of a hero! Once she successfully made this boss into a hero, then this hero would undoubtedly be a superhero, and his growth would be incomparable to that of a player! Then, according to the mission reward, she should naturally devote her life to becoming a player’s sub-hero!

Bangalore, India's third-largest city, Silicon Valley, India's most prized technology city, is home to countless elite Indian IT elites. This is the city most sought after by large Western companies for affordable talent. All Indian IT elites are proud to be able to work for large Western companies.

At this moment, in a brightly lit Grand Xia floor in Bangalore, there was an uproar. This was the headquarters of the Indian guild, the Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils. As an eSports project supported by the country, the Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils had placed high hopes on the country, which was to boost India's international presence.

A dark-faced fatty waved his hand to stop the commotion in the slow house. He was the Chief Minister of Asura Division, who had received important information and rushed to hell in a hurry, Jarvahanihru.

Ninelotus said in a low voice, "Everyone, because of the attitude of the Chinese players, this war in the China server has turned into a farce and has become worthless. However, we still found gold, no, diamonds in the gravel! This diamond is worth our full effort! Now, we will immediately convene eight online chat rooms. What we need to do now is follow the mission requirements and let this demoness release the simplest spell! India is the most dynamic country in the world, the country with the most prospects. We have achieved outstanding achievements in high-tech fields such as electronics, aerospace, nuclear energy, and so on. Will we remain unknown in the esports field? Do we have the confidence to let a demoness release the simplest spell?"

"I'm confident!"

The minister waved his hand. "Bet on the pride of India! Bet on the honor of India! Gather the wisdom of the smartest elites in India. Gather all the resources we can gather in India. With the power of the country, we will make sure that even a pig can cast a spell in the shortest time possible! We must be ahead of all the countries, and even before the other countries find out!"

"Yes, Minister!"

The efficiency of the Indian elites was evident. Within a minute, the chat room meeting of the Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils began.

Nehru posted the screenshot of the mission in the chat group. "Everyone, let the discussion begin! Please give constructive suggestions!"

Minister Luo said, "According to our familiar research on the elves of our country, there must be a miraculous facility like the ancient Wisdom Tree near the World Tree, and the World Tree is a multi-dimensional space in the dungeon. Even underground can reach the space with the Tree of Wisdom. The Devil Race is an expert in space. The NPCs of the Devil Race will definitely be able to find such a space. As long as we find a way to bring the demoness to the space where the Tree of Wisdom is, perhaps a miracle will happen. And finding the Tree of Wisdom will also be greatly beneficial to us players."

Nehru nodded. “Excellent suggestion, but only if we get her to cast the spell first. Otherwise she might not be able to leave the house.”

Minister of Heaven said, "There's an alchemy intelligence potion in the City of Magicians that can temporarily add Hero knowledge. Although it's very expensive and I don't know if it's useful for non-heroes, it's worth a try."

Nehru nodded. “A very good suggestion. The problem with the coins is not a problem. Buy and teleport to Asuras’s location now. Deal immediately.”

Yaksha Division Minister: "A [B] class treasure, Book of Enlightenment! It can allow a hero to raise the level limit of all magic skills to Master level and add 2 points of knowledge. Perhaps it can allow a nonhero who doesn't know any skills to learn an elementary skill?"

"Very good! Let's talk again!"

All of a sudden, the large departments in the conference room started to speak enthusiastically. With every command issued, the members of the various departments immediately started moving.

Soon, all the departments had gathered their thoughts. Nehru gave a final summary. "The growth of heroes is definitely not as easy as imagined, so the members of the Infernal Tribe of Asura, prepare to complete the trial of heroes!"

"Yes, Minister!"

…