Chapter 124: Deirdre Advances To Trial Hero

Junwen

When the entire Ancient Tree Space turned fiery red, all the players watching the live stream in front of them were shocked. The entire world started screaming!

When the red light faded, the sky was peaceful and the ground was scorched black. The densely-packed grassland had become sparse. As for those giant demons with super high magic resistance, the crystal dragons acted as if nothing had happened. Those who should lie down, lay down. Those who shouldn't lie down, did not lie down.

Ma Yinglong waved his hand and said proudly, "No need to thank everyone! Please continue fighting!"

The scolding from the countries erupted!

In the face of the menacing Crystal Dragon, Howellfak cursed loudly and shouted, "Chinese, you have saved the most troops. It's time for you to fight!"

Ma Yinglong laughed, raised his arms, and shouted, "The Infernal players of the China server, it's time for the final battle. All the players in the world are watching us. No one can be a coward and not lose face for our country! All of you, charge forward—the dead soldiers will be subsidized by our Dragon Slayer Guild!"

The victors were not to be blamed. As long as they won the decisive battle, they would be able to show off in front of the world and face the blame of the various countries. Why not?

The players in the China server responded! What was there to say when there was a subsidy? If they were unwilling to take the lead, would they not dare to take the last hit? The players in the China server roared and flooded towards the attacking dragon.

The outcome was decided!

At this moment, the dozen or so Indian players who were protecting Dierdre at the back of the battlefield had just recovered from their shock. Nehru had even retreated all the defeated troops back to the back of the battlefield and surrounded Dierdre, afraid that she would get hurt again. As long as they could protect the NPCs, no matter how many soldiers died, they would not hesitate.

As for the Japanese district's 50th Haze, they had even scolded the Indians and Chinese. Their proud Level 2 soldiers had not even had the chance to display their might in front of the world before they became cannon fodder under the double attack of dragon breath and magic.

Now, Ma Yinglong was laughing like crazy. What did it mean to kill without leaving a trace? Doomsday was coming! An accidental injury from doomsday was not considered a PvP at all. It would be a waste to kill them. Without soldiers, the strong were toothless tigers. How much trouble could they cause in the China server? It did not matter to the Infernal Race in other countries. The key was that all the elites in the Indian and Japanese areas had entered the pit. Perhaps, as Da Fei had said back then, as long as they tricked the Japanese into the pit and delayed the progress of the war, they would not be able to return. One more day would disgust them. At that time, they only had one way out. That was to sacrifice their merit and give up the war!

At this moment, the forums of the various countries exploded. Under Ma Yinglong's command, all kinds of posts such as "Dragon Slaying, Burning the Heavens, Burning the Earth, Dragon Slaying, Weakly Raising Our Country's Might", "Dragon Slaying Guild's Tu Mi Tu, Sun Tu, and Third Brother" flooded the forums. In an instant, the prestige of the Dragon Slaying Guild skyrocketed in the China region. Those players from the Normal Hell region even went to the Dragon Slaying Guild's website to register their members.

Ma Yinglong's glory was unparalleled. All the studios and friends sent him congratulatory messages.

• • •

— System Message: Battlefield Merit Mission "Attack the Ancient Wisdom Tree Space" has been completed! You received + 500,000 EXP, + 1,000 Merit Points, + 5,000 Hell Race Reputation…

When the last dragon on the battlefield fell, earth-shattering cheers erupted on the grassland! Players from all over the world rushed to the front of the Wisdom Tree impatiently. For a time, all sorts of rewards and enlightenment flashed.

For the Indian region, everything did not matter. Being able to let Deirdre advance smoothly was the ultimate victory.

At this moment, when the remnants of the Indian troops escorted Deirdre to the ancient tree, the Indian command center was tense.

— "Mortal, what wisdom do you want from me?"

Deirdre said excitedly, “Oh wise ancient tree, I want to obtain the wisdom to become a hero!”

The ancient tree said in a deep voice, "Then what do you think is a hero?"

Deirdre said excitedly, “Of course it’s immortality! Undying!”

The ancient tree sighed. "That's why you can't become a true hero! You're only using heroes as a means to escape death. You don't understand the true meaning of heroes at all. You just lack courage! Go, pursue your true path as a hero and obtain immortality in your Dao corroboration!"

A golden light shone towards Deirdre, and a dark red halo appeared beneath her feet!

— System Message: Deirdre obtained Knowledge + 1! Deirdre's "Road of Heroes" completed the first stage and became a level 0 trial hero!

— System Message: Trial Hero can learn any skill that an official Hero can learn, but there is no Immortal attribute. Once they die, they will really die.

— System Message: Deirdre's "Hero's Path" has entered the second stage, "Immortal Path"!

— Deirdre: The mysterious harpy who pursues the path of heroes.

Level 0 trial hero.

Command Power: 80

Attack: 17

Defense: 13

Magic Power: 0

Knowledge: 1

Damage: 17-31

Health: 271

Attack Speed: 11

Talent Special Feature: Banshee Leader. For every level up by 2, the Banshee's Attack and Defense will increase by 1 point. At the same time, the Hero has the training ability of Banshee Instructor.

Hero Class: None.

Hero Skill: None

Special Skill: Flying Creature, Charming Master, Chain Shot, Transformation Skill.

The entire Indian command center was in an uproar! The Hero's Advancement had taken a huge step! This was the attribute of a Level 0 Hero, the Boss' end point was the Hero's starting point! However! Why was it a trial hero? What was the difference between a Hero without the Undying attribute and an ordinary soldier? For a moment, the entire command center was in a dilemma.

At the same time, facing the golden light descending from the sky and the halo of a hero that she had always dreamed of, Deirdre was pleasantly surprised and extremely disappointed.

Right at this moment, a burst of flames erupted, and Shirer appeared with a large group of mage apprentices. The players of the various countries on the plains all looked over with complicated feelings.

"Brave warriors, your courage is worthy of praise! Your efforts are worth repaying! This is my reward for you!"

As he spoke, he and his team of acolytes cast spells together. A bloody mist filled the entire battlefield, and all the corpses of the Infernal soldiers disappeared instantly. Then, thousands of level 6 Infernal soldiers, Abyss Overlords, appeared.

"It's the sacrifice of the Great Demons to summon the Lord of Abyss!"

Cyriel laughed. "Warriors, this is compensation for the soldiers who died in battle. Come and claim it!"

— Abyss Overlord: Large Devil, Normal form of a level 6 Infernal soldier. Attack: 21, Defense: 21, Damage: 13-26, Health: 120, Attack Speed: 8, Movement Speed: 8, Command Value: 8, Special Skill: Advanced Fireball, Middle-Grade Armor-Piercing Weakening, Decapitation Sword.

A low-level soldier for a high-level soldier! And it was a powerful high-level soldier like the Lord of Abyss who could amplify fireballs! So there was such a good thing! It should be known that at this stage of the game, it was a problem for players to even hire a level 4 soldier to do missions. It was really worth the trip to get a level 6 soldier! For a time, players from all over the plains erupted into cheers!

— Pfft! Ma Yinglong, who was still gloating earlier, spat out a mouthful of blood onto the screen!

At this moment, Cyriel brought a large group of apprentices to the ancient tree and nodded at Deirdre in satisfaction. "Not bad, you are worthy of my teaching!"

With a new hope in life, Deirdre was overjoyed. “Thank you, Mentor!”

• • •

At this moment, the players from all over the world excitedly received their own Abyss Overlord. In an instant, the entire world was celebrating and spreading the news everywhere! The leaders of the various countries took the initiative to shake hands with Ma Yinglong. Ma Yinglong's face started to twitch from laughing! Are you guys here to disgust me?

At this moment, a loud sound shook the space. The players from the various countries turned their heads in shock. The Wisdom Tree was on fire!

Cyriel's smug laughter echoed through the air. "Now, you are worthless. Warriors, retreat!"

For a moment, the entire crowd was in an uproar. This NPC was kicking him to the curb after he had outlived his usefulness. He really was a devil!

RS

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']