Chapter 129: The Leader Level Charm Emperor Appears

Da Fei finally knew what the so-called "opportunity" that the Wanderer Chairman and Old Lady An talked about was. The so-called "opportunity" was actually to trigger the special scenario just now, right?

Currently, Da Fei had comprehended the Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill. The method was not unique. The Grandmaster-level relied on the weakness of the monsters' self-explosion after eating too much. The God-level relied on the treasure to temporarily raise the upper limit of the skill and train rare minors. These two methods were very special and did not have any general usage. After all, the rare existence of minors was very unreliable. Normal comprehension should require the activation of the special scenario just now.

And how would a special scene appear?

They might have to satisfy many factors. For example, arranging for them to fight with the strange uncle and the artillery for a period of time was perhaps a prerequisite. Then, the Banshee was about to reach adulthood. This was their last chance to learn before they were finalized. Was it worth it for the system to arrange a graduation show to remind the players? Then, the players would seize this opportunity to teach them skills while they still had the learning ability.

Hence, not only did he gain a master-level understanding with this shot, but he also gained a special forces ability. No, perhaps the training of special forces soldiers was also a necessary condition to trigger special scenarios. Otherwise, it was very likely that he would not be able to teach it, so there was no way for him to learn it.

In short, the appearance of this so-called "turning point" special scenario was indeed something that could only be chanced upon by luck and not sought after. It was an extremely mysterious existence. However, one thing was certain. The more chaotic skills a player grasped, the higher the level, and the easier it was to trigger the conditions required to understand the scene.

Just like the development of crypto-fighting machines, this was definitely not a single discipline. There were all kinds of materials involved. Engine manufacturing and electronic components had to be high-end as well. Otherwise, even if one were to devote all their efforts into researching them, they would not be able to break through.

It seemed like there were also benefits to learning all sorts of skills? For a moment, Da Fei felt extremely satisfied after comprehending the Great Dao.

At this moment, the adult Charm Emperor was completely the same as Deirdre. She was mature and flirtatious, and her figure was hot and sexy. It was as if she wanted him to suck her blood essence dry! The most obvious difference was that there was a faint fiery glow in their eyes. As they looked around, two fireflies flickered. This was clearly the mark of a cool strong person. This was something that Deirdre did not have! As expected, each generation was stronger than the previous! Ah, wait! Weren't they naked? Why was there a pair of underwear hidden in their buttocks? F*ck!

This was the Succubus Emperor that Deirdre had mentioned. They were the Boss form of the Succubus Emperor! What would their attributes be like? Da Fei excitedly checked their attributes!

— Leader-level Demonic Emperor (Nameable): Leader-level Demonic Creature. Attack: 67, Defense: 47, Damage: 77-117, Health: 1047, Attack Speed: 13, Command Value: 50, Fire Resistance: 75%, Magic Resistance: 50%. Special Skill: Chain Shooting. Flying Creature. Scout, War Plunder, Agility Evasion. Charm Skill, Elementary Study of War Machines.

At that instant, Da Fei was so excited that tears streamed down his face!

Boss! A Boss with over 1,000 HP! Its Attack, Defense, and Damage are comparable to the crocodile Boss I encountered on Pirate Island! The key is that they’re long-ranged! And they’re the kind that can fire consecutive shots! Their damage is beyond that of a Titan! Even a Level Eight soldier is nothing much. They’re too strong! Too awesome! They’re soldiers that I personally brought out from the flames of war. They’re existences that are hard to replicate! It’s a miracle of life to raise a Boss with 30 HP to 1,000 HP! Why am I so awesome? I’m just that awesome! Haha, wahahaha!

However, my darling, why is your Command Value requirement so high? If I didn't get a Supervisor's Whip and add 100 Command Points, I really wouldn't be able to handle all of you! En, it's better if I can't! You get what you pay for!

Boss could be named separately, right? One was called Didi, and the other was called Lili, to commemorate their mother who could run away at any time!

Ah! Wait a minute, they still did not have any "training" special skills! The camp was still empty! It was like a bucket of cold water was poured on his head. Da Fei's enthusiasm was instantly extinguished.

No, no, no! They haven’t formed yet! They don’t know Banshee’s Race Transformation skill yet. Deirdre had said that only Boss-level Banshee could use this skill, which meant that they still had room to grow. From their current experience in training Bosses, every time they learned a skill, they would flash with white light, and their stats would increase by leaps and bounds. In other words, this wasn’t their final stats. After all, they were Bosses! Bosses didn’t need a reason to grow!

At this moment, the two big hearts grabbed Da Fei's arms, one on the left and the other on the right. They used Wave Crush and moaned. "Master, can you continue teaching us how to shoot? We are only beginner-level skills. How embarrassing!"

Firecrackers! That's what I want! Da Fei immediately hugged their waists and said happily, "Good! Good! One by one!"

"No! No! Come together!"

Ha! Double flight! That's what I want! I can't take both. I'm so conflicted, it's so painful! Only by comprehending the Grandmaster-level Study of War Machinery and learning the legendary god-level skill "Mechanical Reinforcement"!

— Mechanical Reinforcement: Improve the location of a war machine. Learning Prerequisite: Grandmaster-level war machine learning.

What did this godly skill mean? Only Da Fei could control one more Ballista. The damage was doubled! If one Ballista was already so terrifying, how could he control two Ballistas at the same time?

Of course, it was not just limited to the ballistae! When attacking a city, there could be two siege engines, two medical tents, and so on.

Of course, even if it was a godly skill, it would only make up for the fact that the War Machine School was a pain in the ass. An additional Ballista meant that the time taken for players to disassemble and assemble the Ballista would increase from 20 minutes to 40 minutes!

However, Da Fei's situation was different. Da Fei was the captain of the cannon cabin!

Then, how could he comprehend the Grandmaster level? The answer was right in front of him. He would continue to train them. He would train them from the beginner level to the intermediate level until they were even higher! After all, the students were already so strong. Of course, his master should also be stronger.

To train them, of course, they had to rely on the newly learned Artillery Sergeant, the Banshee.

— Banshee Artillery Instructor: Banshee is a very smart soldier. Their high intelligence allows them to have extraordinary comprehension of machinery. You have a certain chance of imparting Banshee War Machine Studies. The probability effect is related to your "Special Forces Training" level.

Needless to say, according to his experience, this skill would definitely be able to fire two shots at once. As long as he could successfully upgrade the Charm Emperor's Cannon level, not only would he be able to advance to the level of a Grandmaster, but he would also be able to comprehend Intermediate Special Forces training?

Generally speaking, this skill was useless for field players who could only carry one ballista. However, it was still useful for city guards who had multiple turrets and big players like him. It was to make all these weird uncles who earned 5 gold per day leave their posts!

Then let's begin. Since it's a lesson, of course it's a personal lesson. An expert like me also has extraordinary comprehension abilities. Without saying anything else, I'll send the Didi Ballista to her position first. She'll just focus on hitting her cannon, and I'll teach her from behind!

Skill, use!

— System Message: Your unit, Seductive Emperor, has learned Elementary Study of War Machines. You are unable to continue imparting skills.

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned! No way? Is my War Machineology level too low? Or is my Special Forces training level too low? In short, continuing to train the Charm Emperor won't work.

Da Fei could only look at the ordinary adult demoness. He could only try her.

— System Message: You used "Banshee Artillery Master" skill on your Banshee troops. Skill failed. You used 20 Stamina.

Da Fei was surprised! It worked! Although it failed, it was completely different from the system notification!

She was the first soldier produced by the Banshee camp. In front of the gorgeous underage girl, she looked so ugly with her earth-red skin and had no presence at all. Unexpectedly, at this moment, she really took on the heavy responsibility of upgrading her brother's skills. That's right, what's the big deal about teaching underage girls? It's only important if the church becomes successful!

At this moment, the system notification came again.

— System Message: Your troops have successfully repaired a Flower Demon Camp.

— System Message: A Forest Goddess has joined your team.

— System Message: Your adjutant Katerina recruited 20 Flower Goblins for free from the Field Camp.

Oh yeah? This Katerina is too self-aware, isn't she? In the past, she always asked for instructions? Very good, this is what I like. It saves me a lot of trouble. Come on, next target, I want to train this demoness in actual combat!

(To the Heavenly State's All-Knowing Lord: I'm finally done with work. I want to make up for it!)