Chapter 121: Third Brother Leads The World

() There are some important facilities in the game that can enhance a player's strategic attributes or impart skills.

For example, the most famous library was in every country's capital. Attack, Defense, Magic Knowledge attribute + 2 points, which was equivalent to leveling up players by four levels. The accompanying sub-heroes were also added. It was very difficult to visit the library, and there were various Reputation requirements.

Then there was the Arena. Players could choose to have + 2 Attack or Defense. There was no Reputation requirement. It was fine as long as the player could defeat the NPC in the Arena. Until now, such players had not appeared.

Then there was the big Magic Tower, which basically existed in every main city. Players would choose to have + 1 magic power or knowledge, and of course, they had the reputation requirements of the city. Then there was the Observatory + 1 magic power, Knowledge Garden + 1 knowledge, War College + 1 attack and defense, and so on.

In other words, even if a Level 0 player could obtain impressive Reputation Points in all the cities in the Alliance, they could visit all the facilities. The final attribute would also be terrifying to an astonishing degree.

There were also some facilities that appeared in the wild. For example, the Witch's Hut would impart a skill or increase the level of the skill to the player, and the highest level would be Master level. Once the player reached Master level, they would be given a skill point directly.

Then there was the Ancient Wisdom Tree. This was the most difficult facility to encounter in the wild. In fact, there was no such thing on the Hero Continent's map. One had to enter an alternate space in quest mode before they could encounter it. Once they did, they could encounter all kinds of EXP, Skill, and EXP.

Demonic Flame City. The initial bustle had already cooled down, but it was still bustling. The city plaza was filled with the stalls of individual players from all over the world. At a glance, it looked like an international city with tens of thousands of countries coming to pay a visit. This also attracted a large number of players from the China server who had plenty of money to sit through portals to come and take a look.

At this moment, the Hell Gate on the teleportation square flashed wildly. This was obviously a sign that a large group of people had arrived. For a moment, all the reporters focused their cameras on the teleportation square.

A large expanse of white light soared into the sky! Everyone in the city could not help but look over.

The players with the orange, white, and green national flag appeared! Such a uniform and magnificent scene instantly shocked everyone. "Who is this guy?!"

The reporters who came to their senses exclaimed, “India! The main force of India has been mobilized!”

These close to a thousand players didn't stop at all. They charged straight towards the city gate. For a moment, smoke and dust filled the sky. The atmosphere was shocking! In that instant, the entire Demon Flame City shook! The China server shook! The various regions that received the news immediately shook!

India? It was actually India? Why was it India? For a moment, all the countries, especially Ribbon, were puzzled! In the international impression, India had always been very active, but it had never stood on the front lines, always following behind others.

Now that the situation was dire, all the countries were holding back. India had also publicly stated that this battle was meaningless. How could they change their minds in just a few minutes? Not only did they change their minds, they did not hesitate to mobilize their main force? There was no doubt that the number of people who could achieve the registration criteria of 10,000 merit points was definitely the main force in any service area!

What are the Indians up to? In an instant, the Japanese, American, and Russian districts all sent consultative telegrams to the Indian district.

At this moment, Nehru, who had personally led the troops into battle, was extremely satisfied. This feeling that shook the world, this feeling of being focused on the world, this feeling of being consulted by the world, especially by the United States, felt great! Too great! This was the feeling of being a big country, this was the glory of India!

Faced with the questions from his allies, Nehru smiled pretentiously. "Aren't we here for the Kingdom War? Why aren't we moving out?"

On the other hand, the sudden attack from the Indian server caused another deleted forum to explode. "Is Brother Three coming to conquer the world?" "Can't the Pond of Light stop Brother Three?"

Faced with Brother San's advancement, the various countries immediately made full preparations. The spies in the cities of the various countries followed closely behind. This was because everyone knew that there were not many things in this world that could make Brother San take the initiative to step forward. Brother San had finally taken the initiative to step forward twice in history. One time, he was exposed by China, and the other time, he forced Pakistan out of nuclear weapons. From then on, Brother San would not step forward again! To be able to make them send troops so resolutely, just how great was the benefit? The world was waiting to see.

As the home ground, China had no qualms. It was time for the Dragon Slaying Guild to show its influence!

Ma Yinglong personally posted on the forum, "All the Infernal players of the China server, Brother San is coming to conquer the world! Let us become the great witnesses of Brother San conquering the world. Let us follow in Brother San's footsteps! The title is long enough!"

— World Channel 【 Dragon Scale 】: All members of the Hell race from the Dragon Slayer Guild are to follow Brother San! All members of the Hell race in China, please leave together!

Devil Flame City moved! The normal players that had been contacted before the battle, the normal players that were strolling around the stalls heard the commotion and moved. The vast crowd of players gathered together with the five star red flag, forming a red torrent that rushed out of the gate, roaring towards the direction where third brother left the dust.

With such a grand scene, the players from the various countries who were setting up their stalls also left one after another. Unable to contain their curiosity, they followed the rest of the troops.

That's right! It was the curiosity of the players and the mentality of joining in the fun. It would be unrealistic if the Dragon Slayer Guild really had such a huge appeal to mobilize so many ordinary players. The Dragon Slayer Guild made use of the mentality of the players who liked to join in the fun and liked to pile up in many places. As long as they were good at mobilizing and guiding, no matter how big the organization was, they could be mobilized. To outsiders, this was the influence and appeal of the Dragon Slayer.

The Chinese players also made their move. The scale was as big as the largest country in the world. The whole world was shocked again! What did the Chinese want? What did the Chinese discover? What did the two countries discover?

The Japanese district could no longer sit still! The leadership position of the Japanese district had been completely snatched away by the Indians and Chinese?! President Shi Lan immediately called Ma Yinglong. "Mr. Ma, what exactly happened?"

You're asking me? How would I know what happened? Ma Yinglong put on a knowing smile and said, "Mr. Shi Lan, you can ask Mr. India. They know more."

Fifty Lan replied with an "oh" and hung up.

Ma Yinglong couldn't help but be stunned. You understand? What do you understand?

Devil Fire City's teleportation plaza flashed with devil light again. White light soared into the sky as thousands of white and red Medicinal Flags appeared!

The reporters went crazy. “Ri himself! The Ri’s District has appeared!!!”

Devil Fire City was in an earthquake! The China region was shaking! The world region was shaking!! The number one main force of this Kingdom War, the main region, was finally mobilized!

That’s right. Although Ri himself didn’t know what was going on, he knew that if he missed this event, he would definitely lose his leadership position and become a laughingstock in the dark, unable to lift his head in front of the world. Therefore, even if he didn’t know anything, he had to act as if he knew. At the very least, he and his ally, the Indian Region, would be able to trap the main force of the Chinese Region in the middle. Tactically, it would definitely be advantageous. They were completely unafraid of the Chinese Region’s rebellion, so they would immediately follow up.

At this moment, in the bar in Los Angeles, "* * *! * * *! Don't ask me what happened! I didn't find anything! Who knows what the Indians and Chinese are doing?!"

“Boss! The main force of this region has been dispatched!”

“Motherfucker! Motherfucker! What does this person want to do behind our backs?”

The other team members asked, "Boss? Should we do something?"

Captain Howell drained his beer. "Are you ready?"

"Yes, Sir!"

Howell ordered, "Let's go!!!"

As the Devil Flame City's teleportation array erupted again, the American region came!!! The entire Earth began to scream!

At this moment, Nehru's face turned green. "What do they want?"

At this moment, Ma Yinglong, who was being pincered by India and Japan, broke out in cold sweat. "Once we make a move, we will destroy the dungeon first!"

At this moment, in the face of the American district's questioning, Fifty Lan was sweating profusely. He copied Ma Yinglong's tone and said half-heartedly, "The Indians know more!"

At this moment, Howell, who was eating behind RIO, raised his middle finger. "F*ck!!!"

…