Chapter 125: The Early End Of The Kingdom War

After browsing the forum, Da Fei finally knew what happened last night.

Da Fei was stunned. This was the strength of the coalition forces of Hell from many countries! The scale, the strength, if not for the natural barrier of the Pool of Light, he would have been trampled to death. However, what puzzled Da Fei was that the Abyss Overlord summoned by the corpse was the same as the reinforcements summoned by the Underworld Sect. They were all temporary workers and would disappear after the battle ended. In a professional way, they were projections of the plane. Yet, these Abyss Overlords were real? They could even set up a stall to sell? How could they fight?

As a level 6 soldier, it was rare for it to appear in the wild as a wild monster. Therefore, the players were unable to experience the terror of a level 6 soldier, especially a level 6 magic soldier. The fact that a level 4 Druid's single-target spell, Lightning, could cause the players to be scared out of their wits was enough to imagine the terror of an Abyss Overlord who knew group spells and fireballs.

Just as Da Fei had seen, when the Druids used their spells to bomb Little Worm, they blasted the tactical position of an entire unit. The entire swarm of bugs was flashing with lightning. From the visual effect, it looked no different from group spells.

The visual effects of the large fireball would be even more shocking. As long as there were many soldiers in its target area, even if one of the soldiers brushed past the point and entered the bomb area, then sorry, that soldier would be like stepping on the fuse of a land mine array. The entire unit that he was in would be blown up, sharing the damage with him! Even if the other troops were not in the bomb area.

At that time, the entire army would be drowned in the soaring sparks, and all the players would be unable to help but cry out in alarm. This was also the reason why all the players in the mid to late stages of the war were so excited!

Of course, because the area of effect of group spells was large, its damage was much lower than single target spells.

For example, the damage caused by Advanced Fireball was 27 + 17x mana. This was the damage caused by every tactical position. It was incomparable to the damage caused by Advanced Lightning, which was 84 + 12x mana. Therefore, the Abyss Overlord would still be completely crushed if it encountered Druids, and it would still be unable to shake the Druid God-level creep's position. The strategic significance of AOE spells was not to kill enemies, but to consume the magic power of the enemy Priest.

However, AOE magic was about scale. Once the number of Abyssal Overlords increased, it would be another matter. For example, this situation now. Da Fei's nightmare in the morning would become reality!

This is no longer just a battle between me and him!

However, now was not the time to think about fighting, okay? His brother's wife was going to be kidnapped by Three, okay?

Da Fei anxiously climbed out of the barrier and went near the main Magic Tower. There was no sign of Deirdre's green dot on the small map anymore. It meant that she was indeed independent and no longer belonged to her own army! Damn, if I had known earlier, I wouldn't have accepted this mission and locked her up in the army camp to have children. Not to mention that there weren't so many things to do, I reckon there would be five or six Special Forces soldiers now. It seems that the mission wasn't randomly accepted.

The two sweethearts whispered in Da Fei's ear, "Master, we can't receive any more information from Lady Dierdre!"

F*ck! She doesn't even acknowledge her child anymore! Of course, she is now independent and neutral. There is no reason for her to continue being a spy! Banshee! Banshee!!! When I catch you back, I will definitely lock you in the camp and give you a good spanking!

Since Deirdre was not in the watchtower, Da Fei hung from the ground and took out his binoculars to look around. The entire campsite was packed with people, and players from all over the world were setting up stalls and shouting for sale.

That's right, the teams of the various countries had set their sights on the ordinary players who obtained the Abyssal Overlord last night. They wanted to purchase the Abyssal Overlord from them. For the big guilds and teams, in a situation where they couldn't even obtain Level 4 troops, what did it mean to hoard Level 6 troops?

Especially when it came to slaying dragons, what did it mean to have a large number of Level 6 soldiers? It meant that the Hell race, who had always been weak in slaying dragons, had risen to power!

Da Fei's brows twitched. If that was the case, would these countries still be focused on the Kingdom War? They probably wanted to conserve their troops, right? What the heck, if I had a team of Level 6 soldiers, I would definitely not go forward even if I was beaten to death. I would just sit in a corner and wait for the Kingdom War to end. If it were someone else, they would probably do the same, right? Then, why would I be afraid?

Finally, Da Fei found Deirdre among the crowd of three. She was playing with a shiny Ballista next to two Devil NPC heroes. Damn, my Phantom Ballista! One of the NPCs was her mentor, Serene. It seemed that he was right to give her the Ballista. Otherwise, wouldn't it be a big deal if she couldn't bring out the gift of a master?

At this moment, there was a faint dark red halo under her feet. Da Fei's heart couldn't help but shatter! It's not that I don't want to help, but I really can't do this alone. Come back quickly, we'll stay in the Ocean Palace together!

Under the observation of the Reconnaissance Skill, the equipment on Deirdre was also displayed.

— Dwarf King's Armor: Grade B Strategy Treasure, Defense + 10, Magic Resistance Chance + 15%

— Dwarf King's Helmet: Grade B Strategy Treasure, Defense + 5, Army Immunity to Blind Magic.

— Dwarf King's Rune Shield: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Defense + 8, Magic Resistance Chance + 20%

— Dwarf King's Iron Fist: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Attack + 3, Defense + 3, Attack Speed increased by 5%.

— Dwarf King's Legguards: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Defense + 3, Army Immunity to Delay Magic.

[Additional Reward for the Dwarf King Set: Army Health + 2, Hero Health + 100]

• • •

Ah Pu! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! Dwarf King Set! What the heck! This, this, this, this, this is definitely something that only the big guilds can afford to play! This must be because Ah San was afraid that she would die and give him a good impression, right? My favorability decreased by 30% overnight because I relied on these equipment to bribe and poach people, right? From the way Ah San surrounded her and refused to let anyone get close to her, it seemed like Ah San was definitely going to take care of her, right?

What should he do? What should he do? The child could not contact her mother. With so many Ah San around, he could not get close to them at all! Was the child's mother really going to be taken away by Ah San?

Da Fei felt like his heart was being stabbed by a knife!

— Bam! Bam! The sound of cannon fire soared into the air, and the crowd around Deirdre burst into laughter. That voice was clearly a woman’s, but it was clearly not Deirdre’s.

Da Fei took a closer look. That figure was indeed a woman, but it was much more manly than a normal Banshee. It was obviously not a Banshee. Dirib? Da Fei was shocked! It was actually Dirib! The famous Epic Hero Ballista Expert from the Hell Race, Iron Lady Dirib!

During the open beta, everyone knew about the famous Hell Cannon Lady during the Battle Campaign Mission. She was known as Hell's Number One Sister! If anyone dared to treat her as a female demon who served men, she would torture them to death on all kinds of strange machines.

To the Infernal race, who relied heavily on ballistae to start the game, this sister's specialty was heaven-defying!

— Iron Lady: The Ballista commanded by the Hero receives the ability to fire a fireball. It can deal 20 + 20x Fire Damage to targets near the ballista.

In other words, the ballistae she had released were real modern cannons, and they exploded in large numbers! A three-layered ballistae and a divine weapon, the "Mechanical Gravity Ring", which had + 1 war machinery's usage times, were fired four times. That was pa pa pa, pa, pa. This visual effect, this astonishing killing power, caused all the players who participated in the battle at that time to scream!

Of course, all the players knew about this sister's temper. She was only interested in the war machine. If the players wanted to talk to her, they had to have a good war machine. However, it was obvious that in the entire Hero Continent, other than Da Fei's special equipment, the other players' machines were all shop goods. It was impossible for them to talk to her.

In other words, this Phantom Ballista of his had most likely become a stepping stone for Deirdre to become her disciple!

Instantly, Da Fei became excited! It was unimaginable to be able to become Di Lib's disciple! What the f*ck! Why was he so excited! It was Ah San who wanted to keep her!

For the big guilds, once they wanted to reserve the entire place, there would definitely be no gap between the 24 / 7 classes. The entire street full of foreigners wouldn't be able to squeeze through the human wall and get close to Deirdre to see what was going on. As an enemy player, there was no need to mention it. Once he appeared, he would be killed by the concentrated fire, right? What could he do? Ask the Dragon Slayer Guild to kill them? The problem was that this was the camp, okay? PKing in the camp was courting death, right? If the Dragon Slayer could help him block the way, it would also have its own benefits. What benefits would PK Three have for them?

At this point, there was only one way! He had to end the war quickly. To be more precise, he had to win the war. That way, all the foreigners would be sent home by the system! That's right, he had to get the system to send them home before Ah San defeated Deirdre!

How am I going to win? I’ll win as long as I take the Abyssal Blood Pool, right? And if I want to take the Abyssal Blood Pool, I’ll have to wait for the arachne reinforcements to arrive before I can take advantage of the situation, okay? As for the defense of the Luminous Pool? It’s definitely not my problem alone. It seems the entire Star Guild is on standby, okay?

Was this road still blocked? Oh right, was the Dragon Slayer blocking the road? F*ck, the big guilds had already become national heroes. Why would they care about the enemies?

No, no, no! Steady! Steady! I can't panic! The situation is great now that I'm recruiting troops in the Lake of Light. I have to stabilize my position. I have to recruit all the Forest Goddesses!

Moreover, he still had 73% favorability! At the moment, he definitely could not poach Ah San away. Even if Ah San could poach 30% favorability overnight, he could only do so by giving away equipment. Now that he had already given away everything he could, the remaining 20% would not be so easy to poach! Furthermore, even if it reached 50%, they might not be able to guarantee that they could poach it away!

Time was of the essence, so there was no need to say anything else. Let's go back and fight!

…