Chapter 126: The Number One Beauty, Bu Feiyan, Competes

The night of the Kingdom War was a sleepless night for the president of Stars, Everlasting Star. His character was in the General Staff of War in the Spirit Kingdom and was always on the front lines.

That night, the Dragon Slayer, Ma Yinglong, was in the limelight. He had used a lousy card to play a good start. This made him very unhappy. He wanted to start a war with Spirit Kingdom immediately and defeat the troops of many countries in front of the players to show off his might.

Especially when the Dragon Slayer Guild's devastating attack appeared, he laughed until his stomach hurt. Just as he was lamenting about Brother Horse's cooperation, the plot suddenly changed. The sudden appearance of thousands of Abyss Overlords frightened him! He could not believe that the system would actually give such a reward. How was he to fight? Who dared to face so many Magic Soldiers? And they were those Magic Soldiers with high defense and high HP?

It would have been better if the Spirit Tribe had a level 5 Magic-resistant Unicorn, but the problem was that the players did not even have a level 4 weapon, right?

The players of the Hell race had made a killing this night. They had paid a visit to the Tree of Wisdom and earned a high-level soldier. How should Starry deal with this? Was Starry able to give the players who participated in the battle such high benefits? He had no confidence at all. He did not even know how they were going to fight. He was anxious.

Applause rang out again, and the NPC officers surrounding the pool of light cheered again.

It seemed like the recovery of the Pond of Light was progressing faster. The enemy's military strength was constantly expanding. The Aeon Star had no choice but to face the existence of that superhero. Perhaps it was time to discuss a collaboration with him.

— System Message: Sorry! The friend you applied for has gone offline. You cannot apply for a friend.

What? Offline? Ancient One Star hurriedly checked the player "Da Fei" on the level leaderboard. It indeed showed "currently offline"!

The Aeonic Star was stunned. Did we all guess wrongly? Could it be that this Superhero is not him? Then, who is this Superhero who is carrying out the mission? Or is the so-called Superhero just an NPC?

This feeling of having the situation out of his control was terrible. However, it was good that it wasn't him. As the president of the number one Chinese guild, he was talking to a notorious liar? This was as unbelievable as the President of the United States speaking to the Somali pirates in person! If the other party had no bottom line and was treated as a scandal by him to blackmail the Star Guild, how much of a negative impact would this have on the reputation of the guild?

Fortunately, fortunately, he almost lost his footing. The Ancient One Star deeply blamed himself for his rash actions just now.

At that moment, the NPC officers gasped in shock. A new situation! Eternal Star’s spirit was roused.

An officer hurriedly reported to the Chief-of-Staff. "Great Elder, bad news. Just now, the Devil Legion invaded the space of the Ancient Wisdom Tree of Nathir on a large scale. The Ancient Wisdom Tree of Nathir is no longer in contact with the World Tree!"

The Grand Elder was shocked!

The Aeon Star didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. The NPCs only knew about it now. We players had already broadcast it live, and the whole world knew about it. Alright, let’s take a look.

Another officer rushed forward and said, "Great Elder, the Ancient Wisdom Tree of Naasir has been cursed by a demon. The space where the ancient tree is is distorting and shaking. Perhaps it's done by a demon, or perhaps it's the ancient tree trunk in pain."

The Great Elder said with a solemn expression, "I didn't expect the Evil Demon to not even let go of the Wisdom Tree. It's really too shameless!"

The Aeon Star asked anxiously, "Great Elder, is there anything we can do?"

The officer who reported said, "I suggest sending warriors to the distorted space. If we can't treat the Wisdom Tree, we should eliminate it completely. Otherwise, according to the current situation, the Naasir Tree will be tortured into a tree demon in pain and will pose a huge threat to the World Tree!"

The Great Elder asked in a low voice, "How many warriors can we send?"

The officer said with a serious expression, "Space is currently twisting violently. Any teleportation is dangerous. With our current abilities, we can only ensure that one warrior enters safely! If the situation continues to worsen, we might not even be able to guarantee the safety of one warrior!"

The Great Elder immediately looked at the Aeon Star affectionately. "Warrior—"

— System Message: You have received the quest "Save the Ancient Wisdom Tree of Naasir". Do you accept?

The Aeon Star suddenly felt a sharp pain in its balls. Why did they send another warrior? This Spirit Race individual only knew how to plant flowers and plants all day long. How many dimensions was this Spatial Technique inferior to that of the Evil Demon? Of course, it couldn’t be blamed on Spirit Race. No matter how long a Spirit Race individual lived, they were still a mortal. The Evil Demon was an existence that could stand against the Gods. From a certain point of view, the Evil Demon’s abilities possessed a certain degree of divinity, and time and space were both areas that the Gods excelled in. Therefore, it was reasonable for the Evil Demon to have a Spatial Technique.

No matter what, it was finally Xingchen's turn to play. She had to play this first card well.

Ancient One Star hurriedly called Bu Feiyan to come online. That's right, as the publicly recognized number one beauty professional player in China, the spokesperson for Stars Guild, and not the publicly recognized spokesperson for the Chinese region, the first card was definitely hers! Reason? Was there even a need to explain? Of course, the glory of the goddess could illuminate everything! As long as Stars Guild put up an announcement, "Housekeeper, God, Flying Smoke, Appears on the battlefield to purify the distorted space", it would be enough to instantly kill the dragon tonight!

Seeing that the Aeon Star did not respond for a long time, the Great Elder became impatient. "Brave warrior! Time is of the essence! If it weren't for the fact that you donated so much money, the General Staff would not have allowed anyone to enter. But you have already been idle for three to four days!"

The Ancient One Star also said impatiently, "Wait, I'm on the phone. I'll get someone more suitable to take on the mission."

First Elder said anxiously, "Then hurry up and fight!"

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Bu Feiyan was finally online.

The Aeon Star immediately said to the impatient Great Elder, "It's her!"

First Elder immediately said to the officers, "Give her the mission items and send her on her way!"

With the help of a group of Druid officers, the Great Elder personally came out, and Bu Feiyan's entire body was shrouded in a ball of white light.

Bu Feiyan was shocked: "Hey hey? What is it?"

The Great Elder hurriedly said, "Warrior, you only have one chance. If you fail, we won't be able to teleport you into this space again."

Ancient One Star said, "Xiao Deng, it's all up to you now!"

"I haven't brushed my teeth yet—" With a flash of white light, Bu Feiyan disappeared.

The group of officers clapped their hands and gathered around the sand table as if nothing had happened. Then, they cheered again, “So fast! Another one was killed!” Another round of applause followed.

The Ancient One Star was stunned. 'What are you guys doing? Seems like you guys have reached a new level of mastery.'

Bu Feiyan's message immediately came: "Chairman! You must be joking. You can't see any Wisdom Tree, okay! Hey hey! The scene has changed!"

Ancient One Star immediately said, "Don't be anxious. I'll wake up Old Jiang and the others. Let's take over the big screen and discuss together."

Just now, Bu Feiyan was in a dark forest. Her clear jungle hunting team carefully scouted the way forward. Suddenly, the scene started to become blurry and distorted. Then, the dark forest suddenly turned into hell and scorched earth. A few soldiers just happened to be standing in the magma that had appeared out of thin air. The sudden change caused the number one beauty who had just gotten out of bed to not know what was going on. Those poor jungle hunting team suddenly burst into bubbles and died! How could such a thing kill soldiers? This scene was too deceptive!

Now, Bu Feiyan and the Star think tank behind her finally knew what this distorted space was. The difficulty of this mission was beyond imagination!

• • •

At the Pond of Light, the ancient wind blowing from the top of the ground pushed SV Fly towards the next target. The entire ship was filled with a refreshing fragrance. After breaking through more than ten bug nests, the wind was getting stronger, and there was no need to use the magic sail anymore.

The Ancient Wind, which was getting bigger, further increased the power of Light Magic and Druid Lightning Magic. The red clouds on the small map in the past also became clear and refreshing. Now, the progress of clearing the area could be described as harvesting.

Without any unexpected interference, the purification of the Pool of Light was imminent.

However, Da Fei's heart was very heavy. He could not relax no matter what. Yup, everyone understood. Just then, Da Fei's message sounded. He took a look. Thunder Fire Dragon.

Lei Huolong: "Brother Fei, we're not blocking the road anymore."

No blockade? Spiders? Da Fei asked in surprise, "Then what are you planning to do?"

Lei Huolong smiled bitterly. “We don’t know what to do either. Anyway, Ah San helped us block them, so we won’t block them anymore. That’s right, we’re almost done repairing the demon race’s construction site. Inform Brother Fei.”

Ah San! It's Ah San again! Should I thank him? Or should I f*ck him? Legend has it that as long as Third Brother cheated, there's nothing Third Brother can't do! Da Fei gritted his teeth in anger!

Sprite recommendations: