Chapter 127: Hidden Job Cannon Artist

For the Dragon Slayer Guild, this night could indeed be said to be a night of fame and fortune. However, Ma Yinglong's dilemma was not something that outsiders could understand. What was an achievement? Achievement meant that there was no one but oneself. Now, every country, including normal players, had a large number of Abyss Overlords. What was Ma Yinglong thinking?

What should he do next? Attack? Use the Rank 6 troops that were impossible to obtain at the current stage to die? Impossible! Players of the first, second, and third level low-level troops were all like treasures and were unwilling to charge forward. Now that there were Rank 6 troops, it was easy to imagine! Anyway, Dragon Slayer would not continue to charge forward. This was called knowing when to stop. After all, most of the Infernal Race in the China server were ordinary players. After last night's fight, Ma Yinglong learned his lesson and had to constantly consider the interests of ordinary players.

If that was the case, it could be imagined that the other countries that came to play the supporting role would not charge even if they got the advantage. This national war was destined to become a passive time-consuming competition that would last until the competition ended. When would the competition end? Of course, it was up to the Japanese to decide. They were mainly attacking the Infernal Race. Their main force had entered the China region, so they had no choice but to charge.

Right, the next step was to waste time. They would do nothing and waste the Japanese time.

Oh right, there's also India. India should be the party with the greatest profits at the moment. They seem to be recruiting a hero? This could be seen from the fact that India took the initiative to come over to carry bricks and help the dragon slay the dragon to block the road. They couldn't wait to drag this out until they finished off that hero?

Based on the current situation, it seemed like India had a huge appetite. They actually wanted to settle the legendary Hell race woman!

Ma Yinglong was very unhappy, so he decided not to block the road and let the Indians block it! Anyway, he had already decided to stop while he was ahead and let nature take its course.

• • •

Compared to Ma Yinglong's dilemma, India was doing very well.

At this moment, surrounded by a crowd of Third Brother's men, Cyriel was passionately confessing to Diablo, who was repeatedly dismantling the Phantom Ballista. "My passion is like fire. You are a homebody, and I am a homebody. The Ballista of Fate has linked us together. Little Bu, accept my love?"

The group of three brothers applauded.

Dirib was a female demon wearing a terrifying mask. The reason she wore a mask was because she did not want others to mistake her as a succubus (demoness) after seeing her beauty. This was definitely an insult to the big demon. In the world of demons, demons were divided into upper, middle, and lower bloodlines. The big demon was undoubtedly a superior race that ruled, and intermediate demons like demonesses and nightmares were usually the property of demon lords.

Dirib's figure was petite compared to ordinary female demons (short in the words of the Great Demons). This not only made her easy to be mistaken as a succubus, but also made it difficult for her to excel in personal combat. Therefore, she put all her effort into researching war machines and achieved great achievements. Compared to the demon army, which could betray at any time and be shaken by fear of enemies or masters, the cold steel machines were her most reliable comrades.

Back when she was still a student, she had witnessed Diablo's beauty by chance. From then on, she fell in love with him at first sight. As she continued to improve her strength, she pursued him relentlessly. Although Di Lib was considered to be a lowly existence among the Great Demons, he was still a Great Demon with a noble bloodline. As long as she could marry a Great Demon, her life would change drastically.

However, it was not that easy to woo a Great Demon, not to mention that Dirib's talent was increasing her status day by day. It was becoming more difficult for Hirel to catch up to her. In short, this was a love story between two epic heroes.

At this moment, in the face of Cyriel's confession, Diablo sneered without even raising his head. "You think you're qualified now?"

Hillier chuckled. "I invited you here so that you can witness the rise of my career!"

Dirib sneered. "The Demon King's strategic focus is in the New World where wealth is everywhere. He won't use too many resources in the Old World at all. You don't even have a decent army, and your opponent is the World Tree, the foundation of the elves. Do you think you can soar with these little guys?"

Cyriel laughed. "It's precisely because the Demon King won't use too many resources here that this is a test for outstanding generals. I won't miss this opportunity. I've spent 500 years of my Fire Essence to summon a large number of Abyssal Demons. This is my army! So many troops are enough to heavily injure the World Tree! And the energy I've expended can be replenished by visiting the Wisdom Tree, then using the Cursed Tree to further threaten the World Tree. My plan is flawless!"

Di Lib was shocked. “You idiot!”

All of the third brothers finally came to a sudden realization about the origin of the Abyssal Lord, and they nodded repeatedly in agreement with one of the idiots.

Ciel was overjoyed. "Xiao Bu, were you worried about me just now? That's great, don't worry about me. Although I've used 500 years of Flame Essence to temporarily weaken my strength, it's nothing compared to my merits."

Di Lib roared, "I mean the Ancient Wisdom Tree! Why didn't you call me!"

Her body shook violently, and the flame that she was so proud of was instantly extinguished. She said in a daze, "Didn't you not come back then?"

Dirib flared. “Then can’t you wait for me?”

Her whole body was like a piece of charcoal. "The military situation is urgent, and I didn't expect you to really come."

Dribb let out a muffled groan and ignored him, continuing to play with his cannon.

All the third brothers sighed and shook their heads. Looks like it's over between them.

At this moment, Deirdre interrupted, "Sir Dirib, this Ballista is actually a gift from my mentor. It's just that my mentor isn't sure if this Ballista can catch your eye, so he hasn't spoken."

Dilib exclaimed, “For me?”

Ciel looked at Deirdre in shock, then nodded repeatedly. "Yes, yes, yes! Little Bu, this is for you! It's great that you like it!"

Dirib laughed loudly and stood up. Her arrogant gaze finally landed on Dierdre, who had been following her. "This ballista might be worth dozens of times more than your own value. Are you willing to give it away?"

Deirdre said quickly, “Compared to my mentor’s happiness and Lord Dribble’s hobbies, this stolen thing is nothing.”

Dirib laughed again. "Actually, I've been thinking about how to kill you and snatch this ballista. You're really a clever demoness. Very good, very good!"

The moment he said that, the group of three brothers turned pale with fright.

At this moment, Dirib took out a fiery-red Skill Book from his body. "As a return gift, this Cannon Master's hidden class is for you. It also records my unique secret skill. However, listen carefully. Once you become a Cannon Master, you will no longer be able to take on the Demon Lord class that is common on the streets. Of course, I never thought that a Banshee would have much prestige and authority to command the unruly Hell Legion. Therefore, you should follow my footsteps as an example."

Deirdre was overjoyed. “Thank you, my lord! I will definitely follow your example!”

Brother San, who had just turned pale with fright, could not help but cheer! The entire Indian command center was in an uproar! Everyone knew that the Epic Hero, Dirib, did not know the Hell Portal that other demons knew. Her occupation was a mystery. Now that the mystery had been uncovered, it turned out that her occupation was a Cannon Master! In other words, this Dirib was the second Dirib! A hero with super strong basic attributes and a mysterious and terrifying hidden occupation, her future was even stronger than Dirib! How could the Indian command center not rejoice?

Dirib laughed out loud. "Very good. I'll take this ballista with me. It's too noisy here. I'll go back and slowly study it. Hillier, I look forward to your career advancement!"

The flames on Cyriel's body soared once more. "Xiao Bu, I definitely won't disappoint you!"

Amidst his laughter, Dirib opened a spatial door and disappeared.

Cyriel laughed loudly as she took out a flaming scroll. "As expected of my disciple, you're my most capable and loyal disciple. I'm proud of you. Take it. I've nurtured many heroes, and becoming a hero is as simple as that! That ancient tree is just farting! I look forward to you contributing all your wisdom to my cause!"

Deirdre excitedly took the scroll and asked, “Mentor, this is?”

Cyreal laughed. "As long as you can live to level 50, you will be immortal. You will be a true hero!"

In an instant, the three brothers cheered again. The entire Demon camp became the stage for them to celebrate, attracting the attention of players from all over the world.

…