Chapter 122: Attacking The Ancient Wisdom Tree Space

When the Merika Area was mobilized, it meant that the war was about to begin. Hence, the European Union moved, and so did the few Koreans from Hell. Russia, who came to watch the show, moved. All the countries, as well as all the players who signed up for the war, moved as soon as they heard the news. Although no one knew what had happened, wouldn't it be easy to find out if they followed such military secrets? It was probably an all-out attack.

Thus, this parade of the Emperor's New Clothes, who was afraid that others would laugh at him for not knowing that he had lost the face of his country, was full of smoke and dust. It spread all the way to the end, the square of the Demon Camp.

The answer was finally revealed, and that was to do something big!

The blazing Hillier summoned a leader from each of the watchtowers and set up a large array in the square.

The troops from the Indian server stood by the formation and waited. When they arrived at the China server, they stood by the side. The troops from the China server extended all the way to the entrance. Then, the players from the China server and the Indian server's Third Brother looked at each other. Hehehe, in short, everyone was a high-level player. There was no need to explain. Then, players from the Japanese server, the American server, and various countries arrived one after another. In an instant, there were over ten thousand players in the Devil's Camp. Of course, the scale of ten thousand players was nothing to the big guilds.

The players from the various countries squeezed to the front of the spirit design, creating a commotion.

Seeing everyone's understanding, Nehru felt like there was a stampede in his heart! What exactly went wrong? Could it be that our actions were discovered beforehand? Could it be that someone else also received a mission to nurture heroes after us? How was that possible? Amir Khan had always been in the camp, and no one else had interacted with the Banshee. However, the Banshee was now beside that Hirel. Could it be that someone could seize this opportunity to snatch the mission?

While Nehru was still in a state of uncertainty, the formation was completed. The Fiend was a master of spatial teleportation, and there was almost no need for Ciel to personally set up the formation.

Looking at the warriors of the various kingdoms gathered at the Devil's Town, Cyreal felt gratified. He walked to the center of the magic circle and blasted a fireball to stop all the private conversations. His dignified voice resounded through the camp. "Welcome warriors of the various planes. You came at the right time today. It seems that you are all very eager for wisdom. Then, I have no reason not to fulfill your wish. I'll give you three days. Go!"

— System Message: Battlefield Merit Mission "Attack the Ancient Wisdom Tree Space" is about to start. All players, please prepare to enter the alternate space!

For a moment, the entire venue finally could not hold it in any longer and burst into an uproar! So it was, it was actually the Wisdom Tree!

Everyone was a high-level player, so of course they knew what the Wisdom Tree meant! It meant that all kinds of attribute points, skills, levels, and so on would be added! It was no wonder that the entire Indian Region was mobilized. As long as they visited the whole group, it would mean that the strength of the Indian Region would be increased!

Of course, the most important thing was that after visiting the ancient tree, players would be able to obtain inspiration for the Advanced Grandmaster skill! This inspiration revelation might not be able to benefit every player, but with such a large team and so many professional players, the chances of obtaining an upgrade were much higher than normal players!

However, even if there were many benefits, was it really worth it for the entire army to mobilize? For a moment, the leaders of the various countries were muttering non-stop.

When he saw the notification of the battlefield’s merit points mission, Indian Territory was laughing in his heart! Not only did his mission not pose any threat, he even had so many helpers!

Nehru gracefully walked out of the crowd and bowed to the audience. "Hello, everyone! The person-in-charge of the Indian Area's Eight Divisions Sky Dragon Guild, Jalwahanihru, is very happy to meet our friends from all over the world during this grand event. This time, the Ancient Wisdom Tree was an unexpected discovery. I view it as an additional reward for our Kingdom War event. It is an unforgettable memory and beautiful memory. In short, it is worth it. Let us work hard together!"

As the first to discover the mission, India must have more benefits! At once, the leaders of the countries cursed in their hearts.

As an ally and leader, Fifty Shades of Japan immediately stood up. "Mr. Nehru is right. This Kingdom War is something that we must do. It is a very happy thing to be able to receive the reward for visiting the Ancient Tree after the Kingdom War."

The Japanese district clapped loudly, followed by the Indian district.

"F*ck!" Howell cursed under his breath and clapped along.

Ma Yinglong's expression was gloomy, but he could only instruct, "Applause!"

At this moment, the teleportation circle glowed brightly, and Cyriel shouted, "Warriors, the alternate dimension door is open. Let's go!"

The Indian region was the first to enter the spirit design. The players from the various countries followed closely behind, and white light flashed continuously.

— "Hello, everyone! I am Hero News' frontline reporter, Demoness 007. Currently, I am using the account of a member of the Dragon Slayer Guild to broadcast live to everyone at the Devil's Town. As this operation may involve confidential information, it cannot be broadcasted in time. Anyway, please wait for a while. I will immediately enter the Teleport Portal to track the news. I would like to thank Midnight Mole, who borrowed the account…"

• • •

The scene changed, and tens of thousands of players entered a vast grassland that was rippling with green light. All the players' Infernal troops were lined up on the grassland, and the whole sky was filled with the sea of the Infernal Legion. Such an army was enough to shake mountains and shake mountains!

Countless cameras flashed in the crowd, and players from all over the world began to take pictures to commemorate this historic scene! That's right, the advantage of the Hell Legion had always been to crush everything on the plains. How painful would it be for a water battle like the Pond of Light?

In the middle of the grassland was a gigantic tree with facial features. This was it!

Countless small birds were circling around the trunk of the giant tree. Everyone took out their binoculars to take a look. Crystal Jade Dragon! Oh! My God! Looking down at the roots, there were countless small Stone Golems and Mountain Giants! Oh! My God!

Crystal Jade Dragon: Elite form of Level 7 Elven Soldier. Attack: 30, Defense: 46, Health: 300, Attack Speed: 9, Damage: 40-70, Magic Resistance: 90%. Special Skill: Flying Creature. Light Breath, Spiritual Immunity, Master-level Defense Skill, Colliding Crush.

Mountain Giant: Neutral level 7 unit. Attack: 14, Defense: 70, Health: 500, Attack Speed: 7, Movement Speed: 12, Damage: 23-56, Magic Resistance: 90%. Special Skill: Grandmaster-level Defense Skill, Sweeping Attack, Stun Strike, Spirit Immunity.

After experiencing the initial excitement, all the players began to feel weak! The so-called Mountain Quaking and Mountain Quaking would depend on who they fought with! Although these troops were wild troops without any heroes leading them, they were all either large swarms of dragons or giants that swept through a large row with a single blow. How could they fight?

No, no, no. They would definitely be able to defeat them. Even if they drowned, they would drown them. The key was, who would go first? It was impossible for them to swarm forward on such a large battlefield. There would definitely be cannon fodder rushing to the front.

Fifty Mist of the Japanese server stepped out from the crowd. All the players' gazes were focused on him. That's right, it was time for the Japanese server to take the lead.

Fifty Lan raised his voice and said, "We came all the way here from China to support the battle in the China region. As the host, the China region should express our gratitude!" In an instant, the entire crowd applauded and booed.

"Bullsh * t! Do you think the players from the China server are fools?" Lei Huolong (Ma Yinglong) immediately stepped forward and said with a smile, "The strength of our Chinese server's Inferno Tribe isn't that great, so it's really embarrassing to take on such a heavy responsibility. I suggest that since this mission is from the Indian server, we should let the Indian server take the lead!"

Nehru was anxious. "No, no, no. This is a benefit for everyone. I think it's better for the Chinese district to go first as the host!"

Ma Yinglong could only look at the Japanese server. "The strongest Japanese server will go first. If you all don't dare to go, our Chinese server's players will be very disappointed! I believe the players from all over the world will also be very disappointed." All the Chinese players applauded!

Ma Yinglong was extremely proud in his heart. This was a live broadcast, and he wasn't willing to budge an inch for the nation's benefit. How much more points should he give to the Dragon Slaying Guild? That's right, this was the stage of the Dragon Slaying Guild! Starry, you guys can stand by and watch from the 9th Heaven!

Fifty Lan immediately said, "Our Japanese region has nothing to fear. However, we are reinforcements. It is inappropriate for us to overshadow the host as guests. It will damage the image of our host, the country of Chinese etiquette! Furthermore, China has not allowed the guest army to take action for thousands of years."

Nehru immediately said, "That's right, that's right! If I, India, or Japan, were the host, I would definitely set an example."

Ma Yinglong frowned. From the looks of it, he had been pushed to the point where he had no way out. Now that things had come to this point, no matter how he dealt with it, he would be caught by the opponent. He would leave a bad name in the country. If he was not careful, he would get out of this game. Then, he would avoid the verbal entanglement so as to not leave a bad impression.

Ma Yinglong chuckled and said, "How about this, let's play rock-paper-scissors! I wonder what the Merika Area thinks?! Why don't the Merika Area go first? All the players in the world want the Merika Area to contribute to our Hollywood epic battle!"

Are you pulling my leg? Are you joining forces to push me down? I will drag the American district down with me. If the American district dares to shrink back and say that they will let me go up to the Chinese district, then very well, I, the Chinese district, will take on the role of the world leader! After all, the status of the United States is incomparable to Japan and India. If the American district gives in, then the nature will change completely.

Howell laughed without thinking. "Guess!"

F*ck! Are you not going to let me have my way? Fine! Ma Yinglong laughed. "Did you hear that! The American district is talking about rock-paper-scissors. Let's play rock-paper-scissors!"

In an instant, Fifty Lan and Nehru's faces turned ashen! Hmph! How dare you argue with me? How dare you not listen to America?

Now, the entire world's attention was focused on this heaven-shaking gamble that concerned the fate of the nation! Ma Yinglong was so nervous that he broke out in cold sweat. No matter what, with his ability, he could only protect the nation to this extent. Speaking of which, this punch that he drew concerned the fate of the nation. This status and position were also very different.

…