Chapter 128: Three Comprehensions

The pool of light. As another bug nest fell, a golden light descended from the sky from Da Fei's body.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 30! You received + 1 Free Attribute Point, + 1 Skill Point, Command Power + 1, Health + 2, Personal Damage + 1, Tactical Position + 1.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-occupation Elementary Voyager has increased your Free Attribute Points + 1.

Level 30! This was the 50th nest he had successfully taken down. Da Fei's team already had 49 Forest Goddesses. With such a large number of Level 4 troops and the increasing number of Flower Goblins that had snowballed to 1,100, the subsequent battles became unusually simple.

First, our army disrupted the military construction site’s procrastination process, and now, there were allies blocking the road to delay the arachne reinforcements’ progress. Additionally, they also increased the expanding military force, allowing the recovery of the Pond of Light to proceed smoothly!

Now, the sailing ship was densely packed with flower demons. At a glance, they were even more numerous than bugs! Such a large number of flower demons lingered around the trajectory of light left behind by the sailing ship when it flew and played, forming a gorgeous light curtain. In the words of a physics teacher, it was an electronic cloud formed by electrons revolving around the atomic nucleus.

There were so many Flower Demons, and their two Health Points were so weak. There was nothing else to say. He had been waiting for this Skill Point for a long time. He had learned the sub-skill under Advanced Defense Skill, and it was full of vigor. He continued to increase Defense with attribute points.

— Infinite Vitality: Health + 2 for all troops. Prerequisite for learning: Advanced Defense Skill.

Now, Da Fei's Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row + 2 Army Health Points, Spider Demon Armor + 3 Army Health Points, and now his Skill + 2. The Flower Goblin's Health Points became 9. It had reached the level of a mid to upper level 1 soldier! It was a qualitative change! The Flower Goblin Legion's ability to resist magic attacks had reached the upper limit of 10,000!

In other words, the Abyssal Lords of the Hell players had to gather more than 300 of them and set fireballs at the same time in order to deal a devastating blow to the Flower Goblin Legion. Otherwise, they would be injured but not killed. Then, they would be easily healed by a healing spell from the Forest Goddess Legion!

However, was it that simple to gather 300 Abyssal Lords? Level 6 Abyssal Lords required 8 Command Points. Currently, players could only bring 30 at most, including official treasures. That would require 10 players like that! Would my God-level Reconnaissance Skill allow me to be surrounded by 10 people? No!

In other words, I'm really not afraid of the Abyss Overlords of the Hell players! I'll wipe out every single one of my Wasps! Can you guys handle my Wasps? Also, the Hell race doesn't have any long-range troops. I don't have to worry about the Flower Goblin's injuries at all. I'm definitely going to take them down! Wahahaha!

This was the terror of a Level 0 soldier not needing an unlimited amount of manpower! If they could obtain the three [B] class treasure components of the legendary Divine Holy Blood Bottle, + 2 Vitality Ring, Life Ring, + 3 Vitality Bottle? Holy shit, that Flower Goblin was really heaven-defying! It was a pity that the NPC shops would not sell any of the components of the Divine Holy Blood Bottle. The market price among players had also skyrocketed, so there was no need to think about it now.

Da Fei's Level 30 attributes were as follows:

Level: 30

Talent Special Feature: pending.

Class: Pikeman, Elementary Voyager, Training Newcomers

Strategic Attack: 20 (18 Strategic Attack, Captain's Sword at Sea + 2)

Strategic Defense: 29 (Captain’s Sword on the Sea + 2 Strategic Defense; Spider Demon Armor + 10 Defense)

Personal Attack: 20 (Personal Attack = Strategic Attack)

Personal Defense: 44 (Pirate Shop received a full set of personal equipment and 30 Defense points)

Magic Power: 0

Knowledge: 0

Basic Damage: 13-15 (1-3 at birth. Sea Anemone Enchantment + 1, Lonely Hero Achievement + 1. Lonely Hero 10 Victories in a Row + 1, Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row Damage + 1. Every 5 levels, the system will reward damage, 30 levels + 6, Captain's Sword on the Sea + 2. Captain's Sword + 2 Damage on the Sea will affect the entire army.)

Life: 120 (Born 10, + 2 for every level up, Lonely Hero Achievement + 10, Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins + 15, Lonely Hero 100 Straight Wins + 20, Army Health + 2, Spider Demon Armor + 3, Vitality + 2)

Attack Speed: Normal 13 (Captain's Sword, Sea + 2, A-rank treasure, Speed Cloak + 10%, Speed Cloak only uses basic attributes)

Movement Speed: 11 (Grade A treasure, Speed Cape + 10%)

Morale: 3

Luck: 1 (Basic Luck Skill + 1)

Command Power: 268 (Upgrade + 30, First Battle Achievement + 10, Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row + 10, Second Battle Campaign Victory + 1, Third Battle Campaign + 10, Fourth Battle + 1, Total Requirement: 62, Elementary Command Skill + 10%, total: 68. Second Intern Second Lieutenant + 100, Treasure Producer Whip + 100, Rank Command Power is fixed and not enhanced by Leadership Skills or Treasures.)

Physical Strength: 100

Learning Skills: Master-level Study of War Machines (sub-skill Ballista Master, Triple Crossbow); God-level Reconnaissance Skill (sub-skill situation collection, stealth, intelligence analysis, phantom marching); Primary Voyager (vocation skill, Storm Voyager); Advanced Defense Skill (sub-skill infinite vitality); Primary Luck Skill, Primary Command Skill, Primary Attack Skill, Master Archery Skill, Primary Logistics Skill, Primary Special Forces Training Skill.

Treasure: [C] class treasure telescope, [B] class treasure Captain's Sword, [A] class treasure, [Bad Luck hourglass], [B] class treasure, [Tree Spirit Bow], [B] class treasure, [Spider Demon Armor], [A] class treasure speed cloak, [B] class treasure, [General Staff Whip], [Intermediate Voyager], [Tree Spirit Wraith Heart].

All attribute skill points were distributed.

• • •

Level 30. From now on, leveling up would require a lot of EXP, and leveling up would be very slow. It would be very difficult to count on leveling up to obtain Skill Points to increase one's abilities. Therefore, Level 30 was one of the types that players would set.

Da Fei's Skill Mix would definitely be useless to ordinary players. After all, he had invested so many precious early-stage Skill Points for a beginner Voyager who could not bring any benefits. However, Da Fei could not be blamed. Things were unpredictable. Who would know that a player who aspired to be a merchant would bear the responsibility of resisting evil?

Come on, I have no regrets in my life. I'll repair the barracks and prepare for the next one. Now that there are so many Flower Demons, repairing the barracks will only take a second.

However, was there really no regrets? At least Da Fei had a thorn in his heart now, which was that Deirdre was still in the hands of Ah San. Once Deirdre was really kidnapped, the Banshee camp that he had spent a lot of money to build would become a joke. However, Da Fei was not arrogant enough to go against a country alone or even multiple countries. Da Fei had always been prepared for the worst.

Hence, a very realistic question was, once Deirdre was kidnapped, what would happen to the Banshee camp? There had to be a successor, right? Then, Da Fei naturally placed his hopes on the two little sweethearts who were improving rapidly on the Boss' path.

Since the Boss Deirdre could be an instructor, it was not like they could not be instructors, right? Then, his only hope was to try to train them into instructors before they reached adulthood? How to train them? Special Forces training that he did not even have a clue about? Da Fei was confused.

Anyway, he had not seen their attributes yet. While the Demonic Flower Camp was still empty, Da Fei headed to the gun cabin.

However, before he went down the stairs, he heard laughter below. Da Fei was stunned. What was this?

However, when he went down to take a look, he realized that the two of them were teasing the other cannoneers with their bare butts! F*ck! Who said that the morale of a mixed army would drop? Now, the morale was high! They were obviously going to destroy the other cannoneers, okay? So these soldiers were intelligent? They just didn't pay attention to the development.

When everyone saw the captain appear, they immediately got into their positions. The two little sweethearts also pretended to check the gun positions. Da Fei laughed in surprise. You know how to check your ass? Come, let me check your ass!

— Leader of Growth: Demonic Creature Leader, Attack: 37. Defense: 27, Damage: 27-41. Health: 247, Attack Speed: 11, Command Value: 25, Fire Resistance: 75%, Magic Resistance: 50%. Special Skill: Chain Shot, Flying Creature, Scout, War Plunder, Agility Evasion, Charm Skill.

Da Fei could not help but widen his eyes! His Attack, Health, and Defense had already reached the level of a Level 7 Weapon! And he was still underage. What would happen after he became an ox? Very good! Very good!

Da Fei chuckled and asked, "What were you playing just now?"

The two little darlings hurriedly said, "Strange uncles, teach us how to shoot!"

Da Fei was shocked. "They can teach me?" No way? None of these proficient cannons had "training" special skills. How could they teach me?

Darling pointed at the ordinary female demon who controlled Da Fei's cannon position and said, "She knows how to do it! We asked her why, but she didn't know why. Then, during the few days when Captain was resting, she really didn't know how to do it anymore. She learned it again just now!"

"So we asked those strange uncles and they taught us!"

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! These two little guys, oh no, their sizes are huge. They're not small. How far have they grown? They can actually speak so much fluently? And their thirst for knowledge is so strong?

Dafei said in surprise, "Did you learn it from that strange uncle?"

Little Darling said softly, "It's very difficult…"

The group of gunners said in dissatisfaction, "Captain, we're not strange uncles. We may be familiar with each other, but if you speak nonsense, we want a raise!"

Da Fei was stunned. It was one thing for his little sweetheart to speak, but the cannoneers actually knew how to say strange things! No way, they were neither heroes, NPCs, or Bosses. Where did the AI come from to say such strange things!

Wait! I'm triggering a special storyline for a special scenario! This is the easiest situation for the City Lord players to encounter during the open beta. For example, when the City Lord appeared, he suddenly heard a few guards who normally wouldn't speak suddenly say, "I heard that someone found traces of a treasure in xxx." The City Lord asked, then immediately got a clue. Then, these soldiers returned to normal.

In other words, now that these ordinary soldiers had suddenly become super intelligent, something important must have happened! Special Plots were often impossible to miss and could never happen again. As an expert, Da Fei knew that this must have something to do with cannons!

Da Fei's mind raced. His first reaction was to send the ordinary Banshee away. "Come, I'll teach you how to shoot. I'll let you know what it feels like to shoot!"

A hero who had learned the Study of War Machines could choose an ordinary soldier to fire the cannon for him. The damage dealt would be considered a hero, and it had nothing to do with the attributes of the soldier. Then, what would happen if, in this special situation, this curious little sweetheart was designated to fire the cannon?

As a gaming expert, Da Fei felt that something was bound to happen.

Under Da Fei's instructions, she felt her heart skip a beat. Two shots, three shots. She watched as the gun barrel was loaded with crossbow bolts. As she reloaded, she exclaimed, "Aiya, I've really become more proficient!"

There's a chance! Da Fei was excited!

— "Ready! Aim!"

"Who are you aiming at?"

So much nonsense! Da Fei could already confirm what was about to happen. He was ecstatic. "You can aim at whoever you like!"

"Oh! I'm aiming at the roots!"

"Release!!!"

— Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! The Ballista was fired three times!

Little Darling was overjoyed. "So that's how it is!"

At the same time, a golden beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Darling's body! In the golden beam of light, Darling's body grew bigger and the girl became a young married woman!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your leader, the Succubus Emperor, has grown and comprehended "Elementary Study of War Machines"!

— System Message: Your leader, Succubus Emperor, has learned all the skills and is now an adult!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully taught the Banshee Soldier Skill and learned the sub-skill "Banshee Artillery Sergeant" from Special Forces!

— System Message: You have obtained information on Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines.

Da Fei was so shocked that his jaw dropped to the ground! So this special scene was a sign that his little heart and liver were about to reach adulthood! Then, he shot out two skills in one shot? But why was there a Grandmaster-level information?

Without thinking too much, the opportunity could not be missed. Da Fei immediately assigned another sweetheart to board the plane and said excitedly, "Come, I'll teach you too!"

"Sure, sure!"

Three consecutive shots rang out, and another golden light descended. The second Smallheart Society's Elementary Study of War Machines had officially reached adulthood! At the same time, Grandmaster information appeared once again!

— System Message: You have obtained information on Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines.

Da Fei was enlightened. A teacher, a person who imparted knowledge and answered questions! If he taught others, it was actually a way to improve himself?

(All the holiday matters have arrived. I'm too busy and tired.)