Chapter 120: Ancient Wisdom Tree

Following a shrill scream, the sixth bug hive collapsed. Da Fei felt relieved. This was the fifth bug hive he had killed. Serbia had leveled up to Level 25 Full Blue and learned the important sub-skill Mystic Training for Meditation. Then, he fought another battle.

(— Mystic Training: Reduces mana consumption by 20% when a hero casts spells)

In this battle, the druids and most of the flower demons no longer had any magic power. The army fell into a bitter battle surrounded by the bugs and finally won after paying the price of dozens of deaths. In this battle, Serbia did not cast a single spell. It was all thanks to the old lady and the five Forest Goddess. All of Serbia's magic power was saved for revival after the battle.

Now, a large amount of golden light shone down and all the dead troops were revived. However, without exception, they were all in a weak state and could no longer fight. They had to rest and recover their mana.

Under the advice of the old lady, Da Fei opened up the exquisite fruit wine and food stored in the kitchen. The whole army ate heartily and then went back to the dormitory to sleep. The benefit of resting in the dormitory was to be fully awake. However, there were only 200 beds in the dormitory of SV Fly. Of course, it was given to the Resurrected, the Flower Goblin, the Druid, and other spell-casting units. As for the good thing about men and women sleeping in the same room, it was just a game after all. In fact, the Flower Goblin could sleep in the repaired army camp. As for the elite Forest Hunters, they would naturally sleep in the corridor cargo hold.

In short, he was tired. Even Da Fei could not take it anymore. Since he came to the Pool of Light, Da Fei could not remember how long he had not slept. He went offline and slept.

Da Fei braced himself and opened the shopping center. He bought a Sanctuary of God and used it.

— System Message: Sorry! You are currently in the Epic Mission scenario and cannot log off normally. You can activate the offline mode and hand the troops to the sub-hero.

Ah pu! Da Fei's sleepiness was blown away by a mouthful of blood! Did the players still want to live! This was an Internet addiction, an addiction, an illness. He had to treat it!

However, this situation was actually equivalent to the Dungeon Lord mode. If the Dungeon Lord went offline, the NPC Deputy Dungeon Lord would still be in charge. There was no other way. He could only give Katerina full authority. At this time, he would be competing with the intelligence of the sub-hero.

In any case, he could only remain calm now. He had to trust his own judgment, his heart’s intelligence, his ability to slay dragons. He had to believe that he would get a good night’s sleep. He also had to get a good night’s sleep. Tomorrow, there would be more arduous tasks waiting for him to challenge.

• • •

When Da Fei couldn't take it anymore and went offline, players from all over the world were active to varying degrees.

As the focal point of the world, the China region's national war battlefield had already left a bad impression on the allies of the Infernal Race. The military workshops were destroyed, and the offensive was blocked. There was nothing to do. The Chinese players were uncooperative, and the mission rewards for the unexplained battlefield were unclear. They had to be careful when entering the pit. There were no large groups from the various countries. The Indian region immediately announced that a boring national war was not worth investing in. Compared to this, the various anti-war comments on the Chinese forums seemed so wishful thinking. The moderators also began to make large-scale deleted comments.

Amidst the noise of boredom, another Indian player was secretly teleported to the Demonic Flame City and quietly headed to the front line of the Pond of Light. This player was obviously from the Indian server to deliver goods to Amir Khan. The Kingdom War battlefield was a one-way teleportation gate. Unless the Kingdom War ended, those who came couldn't return.

As soon as Amir Khan received the goods, he began to prepare for the operation. As for the new Indian student, he performed the Third Brother Dance in the camp. For a time, he attracted the attention of many players from all over the world. He also received applause. The Third Brother Dance was a worldwide hit. That's right, his goal was to attract as much attention as possible to ensure that Amir Khan's climb into the camp was foolproof.

Amir Khan had climbed to the window again. It was as romantic as seeing a princess in a castle tower. "I'm back, my moon. I'll do my best for you! I hope these things can help you!"

— System Message: You have gifted the Book of Enlightenment to Deirdre.

— System Message: You have gifted the Wisdom Alchemy Potion to Deirdre.

— System Message: You have gifted the Keen Thought Gem to Deirdre.

— System Message: You have gifted the Dark Scroll to Deirdre.

• • •

In the face of such a generous gift, Deirdre’s heart jumped wildly with joy. “Thank you so much! With so many treasures, I think I can do it!”

"Come on, my moon!"

Amir Khan nervously watched the preparation of the Enchantress of Hell. In fact, all the middle and upper echelons of the eight tribes of India were nervously watching the Enchantress of Hell on the big screen on the wall. The tense and serious atmosphere was like a space command center in a rocket launch.

Deirdre’s body glowed. It was the buff effect of using treasures and drugs.

"The treasure is effective! The medicine is effective!" Instantly, all the heads in the command center clenched their fists in excitement!

Deirdre picked up the textbook and began to cast a spell. Black mist rose and dissipated. The spell had failed!

Deirdre was stunned on the spot! The entire command center in the Indian region was dead silent!

Deirdre began to sob. "Do I really have no aptitude? Can't I cast the simplest curse spell even after giving me so many treasures?"

At this moment, the head of the Indian command center, Nehru, made a prompt decision. "Since the system has issued the mission, it must be possible. Execute Plan 2!"

Amir Khan immediately said, "Oh, my most beautiful moon, please don't cry. The entire night sky is grieving for you! I have another way. You can do it, you definitely can!"

Deirdre stopped sobbing in surprise. “What way?”

Amir said in a deep voice, "Listen carefully. The World Tree is an extremely ancient existence in the Surface World. It connects multiple spaces and worlds. The fruits it bears will also be left in certain spaces after they ripen. These fruits will turn into seeds and slowly grow. For a thousand years, ten thousand years, they will be known as the Ancient Wisdom Tree. When mortals meet the Ancient Wisdom Tree, they will be enlightened by the Ancient Wisdom Tree and gain intelligence. This is the World Tree. This is the place where the Ancient Wisdom Tree is most likely to be found. They must be in a nearby space. Your mentor is full of wisdom. He will definitely know where the Ancient Wisdom Tree is!"

Deirdre was surprised. “You mean I’m going to visit the Wisdom Tree?”

Amir Khan nodded. "That's right. Any mortal can visit the Wisdom Tree if they are fated to meet it. It doesn't care about the race of the visitors."

Deirdre nodded and made up her mind. “Okay! I’ll go ask my mentor. Hero, can you come with me?”

Amir was overjoyed. "Alright! I'll wait for you at Sir Cyriel's place!"

"No need!" The oppressive voice rang out, and with a fiery explosion, Ciel appeared in the watchtower.

Deirdre said in horror, "Mentor!"

Hillier pointed at Amir Han. "Get up here!" Amir Han did not have time to react. With a flash of white light, he was teleported into the sentry tower room.

At that moment, the entire Indian command center was in a jubilant mood! As the top gamer, such an unforeseen event was obviously a major plot twist.

Cyriel turned to look at the trembling Deirdre. "Today is the deadline for your assessment. If you can't do it, I'll remove you from the list. Obviously, you can't do it. This is your fault!"

Deirdre said in terror, "Mentor, please. Please give me a chance! Even if I can't do it, I can still display my talent in other areas. I definitely won't disgrace Mentor's wisdom!"

Shirell waved his hand. "That's right. You know how to adapt to the situation and seek help by hook or by crook. That's your strength. Or rather, it's your nature as a harpy. If students have strengths that are still buried, then it's your fault."

Deirdre said in surprise, “Thank you, mentor! Thank you, mentor!”

"Young demon, you actually know so much about the Wisdom Tree. I'm impressed!"

Amir Khan hurriedly said, "Sir is too kind."

The flames on Ciel's body rose. "To be honest, I also want to visit the Wisdom Tree. Of course, I know which space nearby has the Wisdom Tree! But—"

Amir was overjoyed. "Please tell me! No matter how difficult it is, there's nothing I can't do!"

Cyriel nodded. "Very good. Since you know how difficult it is, it'll be easy. I'll give you three days to attack the space of the Wisdom Tree. If you still don't make any progress in the next three days, I'll close the Teleport Portal. The frontlines are constantly changing, and I have a heavy responsibility on my shoulders. I can't waste too much energy on an ancient tree!"

— System Message: You received the time-limit side quest "Visiting the Ancient Wisdom Tree" from "Road of Heroes"!

— Mission Hint: The Ancient Wisdom Tree exists in a different space. The power of the Evil Demons can open the door to this space. Please prepare for battle with all your might. The powerful Ancient Guardians of the Ancient Wisdom Tree cannot be underestimated! You only have three days.

Amir was ecstatic. "Of course!"

Deirdre said in surprise, “Thank you, mentor!”

"Are you ready to sacrifice yourself?"

Deirdre gritted her teeth and said resolutely, "Yes!"

Hillier coughed and said, "By the way, I have a friend. I want to ask her for help, but she's very hard to get. She's only interested in killing machines. Can you lend me your Ballista? That way, I can invite her."

Deirdre said in surprise, “My ballista?”

Cyriel said coldly, "It's better than you dying in the Ancient Tree Space and losing the Ballista for nothing, right?"

Amir Khan immediately said, "Sir, don't worry. We will not let Miss get hurt!"

Deirdre chuckled. "Since it's your request, I'll do as you say!" With that, she took out her mechanical bag and handed it to Cyriel.

Ciel was very satisfied. "Alright! Go and prepare. After gathering the people, I'll gather all the mage apprentices in the camp to host the opening ceremony for you."

Amir was ecstatic. "Yes, Sir!"

Oh yeah!!! The entire Indian command center was in an uproar!

Minister Nehru excitedly ordered, "All members of Asura Division, get into position. Check the supplies and military strength. Two minutes later, all depart!"

"Yes, Minister!"

…