Chapter 123: Don'T Be Afraid, I'M Here!

The draw began!

"Rock!" "Scissors!" "Paper!"

In the first round, the three of them played rock, paper, scissors. It was a draw! The entire grassland sighed! The three of them broke out in cold sweat! Suddenly, Ma Yinglong thought of a very serious matter. If he lost, would those normal players who were not members of the guild buy it? Would there be a riot? Once there was a riot, wouldn't the Dragon Slayer Guild lose all its prestige and become a laughing stock? Wait! What was he thinking when he proposed to draw a fist? He was thinking that if he won, he would have boundless glory. If he lost, he would only lose ordinary cannon fodder. Anyway, it didn't matter if the China Hell Area was weak or not.

"Scissors!" "Stones!" "Paper!"

The second round was a draw! Ma Yinglong exclaimed once again! His entire body began to tremble! That’s right! He was used to being the guild leader and calling the wind and summoning the rain. That was because his subordinates were all his members, so he had no choice but to listen to him. Now that the Dragon Slaying Sect’s influence in Hell was weak, most of the people here weren’t his members. They had followed him here to support him and take advantage of him, not to send themselves to their deaths like fools and let the foreigners take advantage of them! Once they lost, the consequences of their rebellion would be unimaginable!

Suddenly, Ma Yinglong realised what a huge mistake he had made! He could not lose! He could not lose!

The third one!

"Rock!" "Scissors!" "Scissors!"

The outcome was decided! The entire grassland fell silent for a moment before exploding! All the players in the China server exploded!

I won! I won! A hammer and a pair of scissors! I won! Ma Yinglong finally couldn't hold back his excitement and waved his fist at the players from the China server to pay his respects! This punch won the guild's future! No, it saved the guild's future. This kind of thing could never happen in the future! It was too silly, too silly. It was totally asking for a beating!

At this moment, Ma Yinglong felt like crying and slapping himself! Why did he end up like this? In the end, he was tricked by this Japanese Indian! At this moment, Ma Yinglong was laughing loudly as he looked at the two dumbfounded people. You guys joined forces to deal with me just now? Now, you guys are killing each other. Haha, wahahaha!

At this moment, all the players in the China server burst into laughter.

At this moment, Fifty Shades of Lan and Nehru looked at each other in bewilderment. The loser would be born in their duel!

— "Enough! There's not much time left for jokes!" Howell from the American district suddenly spoke.

"What? A joke?" Ma Yinglong couldn't help but look over in astonishment.

As if they had met their savior, Fifty Shades of Lan and Nehru looked over excitedly.

Howell laughed out loud and said, “Isn’t this a joke? Since it is for everyone’s benefit, of course it is for everyone to form the vanguard suicide squad. Isn’t this the fairest way to make everyone accept it? Such a simple matter, even the naughty kid in kindergarten would think of it, right?”

Fifty Lan and Nehru shouted excitedly, "Yes, yes, yes, Captain America is right. We are just joking to liven up the atmosphere. Wahaha!"

At once, the crowd responded with laughter. "That's right! This is more interesting!"

All of a sudden, the players from the China server scolded, "F*ck, this is more interesting!"

In that instant, in Ma Yinglong's eyes, all the foreign players on the grass plains seemed to have become grass mud horses! Are you playing with me? Now, the whole world thinks that I'm not as funny as a brat, right? If I lose, no one will say that it's a joke. Then I'll have to take the risk of rioting to be cannon fodder for you guys, right?

Just as he was resentful, another student named Lei, who was next to Ma Yinglong, spoke up. "Boss, we've been fooled in front of the entire country. Why don't we take advantage of the fact that the main forces of the various countries are here and capture all of them—"

Ma Yinglong's eyebrows twitched as he said sinisterly, "Alright, even if the entire world teamed up to deal with our China, with our Chinese nuclear weapons in our hands, we can still overturn the entire world!" Speaking of which, wasn't his original goal to resist the war against the entire world?

Ma Yinglong turned around and waved at the boisterous crowd of Chinese players. He smiled and said, "It's fine. I'll play with the brat a few times to liven up the atmosphere. Later on, we'll play it big. Most of us are amateur players, so our skill in operating and preserving our lives is limited. Don't go too far, don't block the path of foreign professional players. This, everyone understands."

If Hua Jian won, it would be considered as bringing glory to the country. At this moment, Ma Yinglong spoke with confidence.

Instantly, the crowd responded. Everyone understood. After all, everyone was here to take advantage of the situation.

At this moment, Howell had already happily accepted the title of Captain America. He walked to the front of the crowd and said, "Forward vanguard kamikaze squad, we need at least 200 people. Let the countries of our various districts set an example and send out 30 people each. Does the China region have any objections?"

Ma Yinglong chuckled and said, "No objections. We can draw 30 members from the Dragon Slaying Guild!"

Fifty Lan said excitedly, "We will send 40 people!"

Nehru was unwilling to fall behind. "We will also send 40 people!"

After the vanguard kamikaze squad was distributed, Howell started to give instructions. The players from the various regions spread out and surrounded the entire Ancient Wisdom Tree in a large fan formation. For a moment, the entire world's attention was focused on Captain Merika. It had to be said that he was after all a retired military officer from a powerful country. His commanding ability was indeed unmatched by any country's so-called professional players.

Looking at how he was in the limelight, Ma Yinglong could already imagine how the forum was filled with criticism.

Holding the fake flaming sword in his bag was like holding a red button on a black box. Ma Yinglong felt great!

After setting up the formation, the battle began!

The American team leader waved his hand, and the 200 players from the vanguard kamikaze squad led nearly 20,000 low-level combat troops to charge forward! In an instant, the flashing lights of the players from all over the world lit up. Everyone wanted to record this glorious moment!

The guardian of the ancient tree made his move. Thousands of Mountain Giants were like a row of huge stone walls. They stepped on earth-shattering footsteps and charged forward with an imposing aura. At the same time, thousands of Crystal Jade Dragons swooped down from the sky like rows of bombers.

* Bang! Bang! * The grassland was shaking, and flesh and blood were flying everywhere. The crystalline emerald dragon’s Lingguang Dragon Breath was like a poisonous fog that permeated the grassland. Large swathes of demonic horned demonic hellhounds struggled in the fog, screaming miserably before falling down.

This was the special feature of the Crystal Jade Dragon's dragon breath, which was the additional effect of the fog similar to that of the Poisonous Dragon's breath. Therefore, even those troops that weren't sprayed on the spot couldn't escape calamity. As for those that were sprayed on the spot, of course, they immediately died.

At the same time that the forward kamikaze team was defeated, they also successfully achieved the goal of dispersing the wild monsters. Captain Merika waved his hand again, and the whole army attacked!

They moved! Hundreds of thousands of Hell's allied forces surrounded them like a tidal wave and charged into the crystal powder fog. With the addition of the player heroes' attack and defense, especially with the general all-out attack enhancement of level 30 players, even the attacks of level 1, 2, and 3 low-level soldiers were adjusted to the extent that they were not inferior to level 7 soldiers. One after another, the lone Mountain Giant Crystal Jade Dragon was surrounded and killed.

In the face of these world-class top players' fire control troops, these giant emerald dragons without a hero leading them might only have one chance to attack. Although they would take away a dozen or even dozens of low-level soldiers at once, these losses were tolerable.

Under this torrent of attacks, the several hundred members of the Indian team stayed where they were, firmly surrounding an NPC apprentice. Everyone knew that this was probably a quest NPC. The Indian team was definitely taking advantage of this situation.

That place was far from the center of the battlefield, so he could only let them go. Ma Yinglong snorted coldly.

More and more Crystal Dragon Mountain Giants fell, and more heavily wounded players began to retreat from the battlefield. For experts of their level, as long as they did not kill their soldiers instantly, they could quickly disperse the wounded soldiers from the line of fire. Therefore, the troops of experts were often injured but not killed.

However, things were different now. All of you were injured well! Ma Yinglong began to calculate the damage of the various countries’ forces, especially the Japanese forces. After all, this Armageddon had only 10 points of mana, and could only deal 600 points of total damage to a tactical position. He had to seize the opportunity. Suddenly, Ma Yinglong’s eyebrows jumped. What kind of soldiers were the Japanese? Had he never seen them before? They seemed to be very impressive? Then all the more reason to kill them!

At this moment, the Wisdom Tree in the center of the grassland suddenly spoke. "How many years has it been? Finally, an interesting guest has arrived. However, without experiencing a real test, it will be difficult for you to understand my wisdom."

Everyone was surprised? Was he trying to increase the difficulty of the mission? That's right, the multinational alliance had more troops, and the players who did not need to do anything were also relaxed! This mission was probably not that simple.

A large patch of black smoke exploded with a world-shaking hum! The entire dark green Crystal Grassland suddenly turned dark!

— Soldier Bee: Neutral Level 0 unit, small-sized creature. Attack: 0, Defense: 0, Damage: 0-1, Health: 1. Special Skill: Flying Creature, Collect Honey, Poison Needle, Siege.

"Oh my god!"

"Oh, * *!!!"

"F*ck!"

The tens of thousands of players in the grassland were stunned!

The most terrifying thing in the game was not a Level 7 soldier. Even a Level 7 soldier could be surrounded and killed by a large number of low-level soldiers. The smooth battle just now was proof of that. The truly terrifying creatures were the lowest level creatures like Flower Goblin, Soldier Ant, Soldier Bee, and Piranha. They were as rare as plant monsters, but once they encountered them, it would be a disaster!

Now, half of the Level 7 creatures were still alive. With a huge number of Level 0 soldiers, how could they fight?

Ma Yinglong laughed wildly! He was just about to tear off his face and disregard everything to fall out with the whole world, but now, he didn't even need to fall out with the world. This was really giving him a pillow when he was sleepy!

Ma Yinglong pulled out his flaming sword and shouted, “Everyone, don’t be afraid! I’m here!”

The flaming sword exploded as a beam of red light shot into the sky. Then, the entire sky turned red. The red light formed a vortex, and a huge burning meteorite fell from the sky!

"Oh my god!"

"What are you doing?"

"Ahhhh!!!"

— Boom!!! The ground shook, and the entire world turned red! All the players saw a red light!

…