Chapter 136: Divine-Level Sea War Hero Appears

When Da Fei chased after the enemy, the Kingdom War in the center of the Pool of Light officially broke out.

In Japan, the main fleets of the Indian countries formed a dense charging formation and charged towards the dense sea of leaves. Although the turning of the oars was not possible and might not be sufficient in small-scale battles, once they were in formation, it was the same as the charging of cavalry.

In the face of the imposing assault fleet, the stars did not dare to face them head-on. They used the natural cover of the tree roots in the Pond of Light and used the advantage of the leaf boat's speed to avoid them from both sides.

However, it was impossible to bypass such a large force. In an instant, the Chinese fleet was split into two by Japan and India, and then the two wings were scattered by the impact ships of other EU countries. Fireballs flew everywhere as the battle began!

Under the concentrated bombardment of the first round of cluster fireballs, the nearly 1,000 Chinese warships in the vanguard were reduced to ashes in the sea of fire. This was the power of the magic troops! And this was only an ordinary Abyssal Lord. If it was in the form of a regular army, it would be even more terrifying. It was a high-level meteor shower that fell from the sky. The damage of the meteor shower was not much higher than the fireballs, but it had a wide area. More importantly, the attack route was from the sky. It was unlike the fireballs, which could be shot from the ground, which could be blocked with walls or even large-sized soldiers. Therefore, the destructive power was completely different from the fireballs.

Even though the China server had suffered a heavy first round of attacks, the elves' huge advantage was that the Level 2 and 3 troops were all long-range troops with high quality. The tragedy of the Hell race was that the first three troops did not have long-range troops. As long as they were not connected to the ship, they would be happy to be shot. The players of the Hell race would be lying on the bottom of the ship, not daring to show their heads. Once they were connected to the ship, it would be a one-sided massacre. The physical damage of the Abyss Overlord 21 Attack 21 Attack 21 Defense 13-23 was already considered a strong attribute among the Level 6 troops. One could easily defeat the Level 2, 3, and 10 troops without panting.

In this battle royale, as long as the dragon slaying didn't betray the nation, Stars would definitely win regardless of the price. Of course, as long as the dragon slaying dared to betray the nation, Stars would also achieve their goal of excluding their peers. It would also be a huge victory.

At this moment, the Japanese area was extremely depressed after being shot. The Infernal Race was not meant for naval warfare. The Japanese area had originally brought a large number of modified Rank 2 long-range fireball units, but they were killed by the treacherous Chinese.

However, it did not matter. Although the Infernal Race seemed to be in a passive position in the chaotic battle, the Elves did not have the upper hand because they could not afford to make mistakes. Once they made a mistake, they would be defeated. The Lord of Abyss had high defense and high HP, so they could not kill even one of them.

In such a chaotic and congested battle, it was difficult for Yiye Qingzhou to not make any mistakes. Therefore, the Japanese side was confident and determined to win!

The first round of casualties in the China server was much higher than that of the various countries' allied forces. At this time, Ancient Star, who was in the Elven Kingdom's General Staff Department and was constantly paying attention to the army's recordings, was a little anxious. The first round of losses were the core members of the guild, and these members had to lead the charge. Otherwise, ordinary players would not follow. The value of their loss was that they had used up the power of the Abyss Overlord. Judging from the current situation, even if they had used up the power of the Abyss Overlord, the other party was still a daunting Level 6 soldier. The difference in the ranks of the soldiers caused the battle situation to be extremely sticky, and it would be disadvantageous for the China server if this dragged on.

At this time, an officer reported, “Elder, our army’s thirty Flower Demon battalions have fallen once again. The number of arachne reinforcements has exceeded our expectations!”

The Aeon Star immediately sought out the Great Elder and said, “Great Elder, our army has suffered heavy losses and the enemy still has a large number of arachne reinforcements. Should we dispatch some powerful troops as well?”

The Great Elder asked the officer on the sand table, "How are the movements of our superheroes?"

The officer replied, "They didn't continue to clear the nest, nor did they head to the abyssal blood pool."

The Aeon Star frowned again when he heard this. Who was this superhero? What was he doing? If he was really as powerful as the staff officers said, he would definitely turn the situation around if he joined the battle, right? The problem was why this bastard did not join the battle! For a moment, the Aeon Star gritted his teeth in hatred.

The Great Elder shook his head, and then said to the Aeonic Star, "What you said makes a lot of sense. We should continue to send reinforcements. Resisting the invasion of Hell shouldn't be a matter of us elves, but the entire Guild of Light. So, immediately issue an alliance order and invite the allied forces to fight."

What the f*ck! The Aeon Star could not help but spit out blood! Why did you only prepare to call for reinforcements now? Where did you go earlier? When I saw your calm expressions at the start, I thought you had really become immortals!

The group of staff officers said anxiously, "First Elder, if that's the case, the other party will mock us for being weak and unable to stand on our own! We have backup troops?"

The Great Elder's beard trembled. "We're not in a hurry to mobilize the reserve army! It's precisely because they're laughing at us that we need to ask for reinforcements. Otherwise, wouldn't we be making a huge loss? By the way, let's issue a call for volunteers. Yes, volunteers. This way, we don't owe anyone anything. All volunteers will enjoy the same merit treatment as the elven warriors."

"Yes, First Elder!"

Eternal Star was shocked! What the heck! The Ninth Heaven is definitely going to take action now? They’re definitely going to steal the limelight!

— China District Guild of Light's national war information: The Hell Legion is coming fiercely, and the battle at the Pond of Light is very fierce. The Elven Kingdom invites volunteers with more than 10,000 merit points from the Guild of Light to participate in the battle. Volunteers from the Guild of Light who are interested in participating, please lead the troops to the Military Officers outside the City Halls of the main cities of the Elven Kingdom to register for the battle.

As soon as the message came out, the world channel went into an uproar! As expected, one of the three major guilds in China, Ninth Heaven immediately responded.

— World Channel < Godly Emperor >: Although we are very far from the Elven Kingdom and have two to three days of travel time in real life, we will still mobilize the members closest to the kingdom to support us. I believe that the students of Stars will definitely not let us be late. Anyway, there's no need to thank us, just call us Red Scarf.

— World Channel < Eternal Star >: Welcome to China's Guild of Light.

At this point, everyone could only share the cake.

At that moment, the rich gamers of Blood Sea Studio, who were determined to build the Elven Kingdom's Port Erolyn into an export trading base in the ocean, saw the news of the world and were excited!

Brother Tian laughed and said, "Aren't we just in the Elven Kingdom? Isn't our army a Rank 4 Pirate Soldier that specializes in naval warfare? Isn't this a good opportunity for our Blood Sea Workshop to become famous?"

Xiao Ma smiled and said, "These pirate soldiers are Ah Tao's darlings. Ask him first."

Brother Tian clicked his tongue and said, "Oh my! Ah Tao, who doesn't even care about millions of yuan, actually cares about these soldiers!"

Shaodong smiled and said, "No matter how much money he has, it's not like he earned it. He doesn't feel any heartache. These soldiers were accumulated by him from completing missions on Pirate Island day and night. It feels different."

At this moment, everyone's messages rang. Raging Sea of Blood sent a friend message. "Don't move. Wait for me to come and lead the team!"

Everyone burst out laughing!

Ever since Raging Sea of Blood was washed away by Da Fei, he went to Barren Sea, the nearest pirate organization to the Elven Kingdom, to try his luck. He was very lucky and was captured by a bearded pirate captain named Barak. This bearded pirate captain had a high status and was second only to the leader of Barren Pirates, Rock.

Raging Sea of Blood, who was extremely talented and had performed well in his missions, became his disciple. Not only did he teach Raging Sea of Blood various pirate skills, but he also taught him the most important hidden skill, "Undercover Spy". In other words, after learning this skill, Raging Sea of Blood would be able to hide his identity as a pirate and appear in the kingdom openly. Of course, this skill was not considered a secret. It was publicly known that pirates had spies in the kingdom.

With a double identity, Raging Sea of Blood's future was bright. His studio began to plan to build the Golden Triangle route for the Human Kingdom on the Barren Island. Everyone understood what he meant. Then, he transferred the pirate troops trained on the Pirate Island to the brothers who stayed behind to build the Chamber of Commerce. He strengthened his studio's maritime armaments to accumulate power for the future.

Now, the Elven Kingdom's request for help had given Raging Sea of Blood an excellent opportunity to perform. It was time for him, a Godly Hero, to wash away his humiliation and stand up!

…