Chapter 139: Comprehending The Divine Technique, Stealth Sailing

SV Fly turned into a white light, and the scene in front of Da Fei changed. With a boom, SV Fly fell into a dark underground lake. After SV Fly stabilized, the white light flashed again, and the scene changed again. It was an underground river. It had to be said that the Spatial Skills of the Elves were not very good. They had to transfer halfway.

The scene changed again. There was red light in front of him. The blood-colored lake in the sky flashed past his eyes. Then, with a loud boom, SV Fly fell into a blood lake, stirring up a wave of blood.

— System Message: You found Blood Sea Demon Pool.

“We’re here! Activate your skill immediately!” Without waiting for the ship to stabilize, Anwen waved his hand, turning the waves of blood into a mist of blood.

— System Message: Your subordinate hero Anwen has released a Grandmaster-level “Mist Summoning” spell!

Blood Sea Demon Pool? There was no time to think about it. He quickly combined his skills and formed the head! Da Fei immediately activated Phantom March.

— System Message: You have obtained the skill information of "Stealth Sailing".

Although the counterfeit godly skill failed again, it did not stop SV Fly's blurry figure from hiding in a large cloud of blood fog. In a situation where the target was completely unknown, hiding the moment it appeared should be the safest method. The older the ginger, the wiser.

Anwen immediately said, “This place isn’t actually the Abyssal Blood Pool. We don’t have the ability to directly break through its demonic barrier and enter. If our information is correct, this should be the entrance to the Abyssal Blood Pool. We need to find the entrance and kill our way in. It’s said that the blood here flows from the Abyssal Blood Pool, so we can definitely find it if we follow the flow.”

Da Fei could not help but be stunned. It was one thing to switch cars midway, but he could not even reach the station in one step! How terrible was this mission? The blood fog was so thick, he could not see how to check the water outside. The mountain stronghold was a mountain stronghold. However, it did not matter. Fortunately, he had the Blood Eagle Flute.

At that moment, the system's alarm flashed red!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! Seven unknown powerful creatures are approaching, please be alert!

Da Fei hurriedly checked the small map. There was a small red dot on the radar map, and seven huge red dots were slowly moving towards him from all directions. What the heck! Boss? Could it be that this Red Mist would be even more eye-catching if he exposed himself?

Anwen immediately said, “Prepare for battle! We’ll follow the strategy from the drill! The demon race must’ve set up a tight defense here. Our ship shouldn’t move without knowing the enemy’s attributes and the surrounding terrain, lest they determine our location through the water currents!”

With a wave of his hand, several huge replicas of SV Fly appeared in the blood mist.

— System Message: Your subordinate hero Anwen released Grandmaster-level “Illusion Legion” magic!

Da Fei nodded nervously and immediately set up the Flower Demon Druid Hunter. That's right, that was a drill just now. Now, it was time to get serious. Although he did not know what the Boss monster was, he was certain of one thing. In the game world, there were not many people who could take on more than ten Ballistas alone. After all, under normal circumstances, such large-scale war machines existed in the later stages of the game. Only an arrow tower or warship could fight against a warship.

From the way the seven huge red dots were slowly approaching, the other party must have been very cautious towards the eye-catching red fog, right? This meant that the other party was not too strong. A true expert should have rushed over like an idiot without fear, right?

Hence, Da Fei was confident that he could defeat the enemy.

Da Fei immediately took out the Blood Eagle Flute and checked his surroundings. The Spirit Eagle that he had not seen for a long time flew out of the thick fog. His field of vision expanded, and Da Fei finally looked down at the entire Blood Sea Devil Swamp. It was the countless islands in the sea of blood. There were all kinds of huge mushrooms, flowers, and strange trees growing on the islands. There were all kinds of huge insect monsters wandering around. All kinds of roars and cries resounded throughout the sea and sky. And just beside a ball of thick fog, seven huge water monsters that looked like snake-necked dragons were rushing over. And in the distant sea of blood, there seemed to be snake-necked dragons everywhere!

This must be the Demon World. When he thought about how he had entered the Demon World alone, Da Fei suddenly felt a sense of sorrow and loneliness. This solo version was too much.

Now that the seven hydra had reached the periphery of the fog, Da Fei's Ballista was on full alert. At this moment, the hydra dived into the water and the red dot on the map suddenly dimmed.

Da Fei was shocked. "Diving?" Although the battleship's firepower was strong, its weakness was also very obvious. That was, it had no anti-submarine power!

Anwen said in a deep voice, “We can only hope the illusion will lure the enemy into the trap!”

Da Fei could only aim the ballistae on both sides of the ship at the two Illusionary Warships. He had to admit that the old lady was quite impressive. Her Illusionary Army could actually replicate something as big as a warship. A Grandmaster was indeed a Grandmaster.

As expected, a red dot lunged at an illusionary warship. With a loud splash, the illusion disappeared, and the hydra's huge body vaguely appeared in the red mist!

It was better to be big. There was no need to be afraid of not hitting!

* Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! * The sixteen cannon doors roared in unison, and two rows of crossbow bolts shot out! A miserable howl resounded through the bloody mist.

— System Message: You attacked the Devil's Lake watcher! You alerted the Devil's garrison troops.

Alarming the troops? The hydra was the troops?

As expected, with the water monster's roar, the other water monsters also roared like thunder. For a moment, the bugs and birds on the surrounding islands flew up in shock. The size of this formation was truly earth-shattering! Was this a warning device?

— Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom! Another volley of ballistae was fired, and the water monster that was screaming died.

— System Message: You have killed the Magic Pool Monitor. EXP + 76,000! Reputation + 760. You have obtained incomplete information about the Magic Pool Monitor.

F*ck, it was able to withstand two rounds of my Ballista! The hydra's strength was worthy of its experience! How impressive was it?

As the water monsters called the police, the surrounding water monsters started to gather. At the same time, a group of huge beasts flew over from the distant sky! Guardian of the Demonic Pool Dragon? Da Fei's jaw dropped! Although he had never heard of it, as long as it was related to the word "dragon", there was no weakling. The key was that the opponent was an Air Force. No matter how many ballistae he had, it was useless! Flower Goblin? It could block magic, but fighting with a dragon would not result in death! This was completely different from the drill just now!

Da Fei panicked. "Ma'am, the enemy has sent out the Demon Dragon Air Force. What should we do?"

Anwen frowned. “The air force must be coming from the demonic army’s camp. That must be the entrance to the demonic army’s camp. Investigate the coordinates immediately and we’ll teleport there!”

Having an old man at home is like having a treasure! Da Fei hurriedly nodded and controlled the Spirit Eagle to head in the direction of the Demon Dragon.

When the Spirit Eagle and the Demonic Dragon group brushed past each other, Da Fei gasped in shock! This figure was obviously a bomber! This bumpy, thick skin was emitting green smoke and looked cool and domineering. Even if it was not a Level 8 soldier, it was still a Boss! If they really got close to him, he could just sit on his butt and sink his ship!

Just as he was panicking, a fortress appeared in his field of vision. That was it!

Da Fei hurriedly shouted, "Madam, we've discovered the Demon Fortress. The enemy's Giant Dragon Unit is approaching!"

Anwen said in a deep voice, “The other party must’ve arrived before us. This is a critical moment of life and death!” He then looked up at the control tower. “Miss Katerina, let’s try again. We must make a name for ourselves this time! Let’s drive out of the mist.”

Katerina replied firmly, “Yes, Madam Anwen!”

Da Fei was so shocked that his jaw dropped to the ground. This mission was not just a scam. He had not even touched the door of the Abyss Blood Pool and he was already at the critical moment of life and death? This scam mission was practically killing him!

Dafei said in surprise, "Ma'am, will it work?"

Anwen chuckled. “I can use magic power to coordinate with the forest goddess instead of the flower demons.”

Da Fei exclaimed, "Forest Goddess? What do they know?"

Anwen said with a smile, “They know a basic phantom corps! With over fifty Forest Goddesses helping me with my spellcasting, I’m sure I’ll have a breakthrough.”

(Note:—Forest Goddess: Small Spirit Creature. Attack: 9, Defense: 7, Damage: 6-9, Health: 35, Attack Speed: 11, Magic Power: 30, Command Value: 0. Special Skill: Flying Creature, Long-range Shooting, Advanced Healing, Advanced Purification, Elementary Phantom Legion)

Da Fei suddenly realized that this inconspicuous special skill of the Goddess of Forest actually had such a use! Although he did not know how to combine it, if the NPC said it was okay, then it was okay. This meant that although this mission looked like a scam, there was still a clue to crack it! Ultimately, a scam mission did not mean there was no solution. If he could not even handle a God-level skill, other players could forget about it. Da Fei's confidence increased greatly. He continued to control the Spirit Eagle and fly towards the fortress.

They got closer. That fortress was actually a giant dam that surrounded the center of the lake. Waves of blood surged within the dam, and large amounts of blood poured out from the water.

— System Message: You found the entrance to the Abyss Blood Pool.

What? Flood outlet? It's hard to say that this isn't the main entrance. That's right. Information of unknown origin can provide an unknown entrance! In short, it's fine as long as I can enter. When I find the coordinates of the flood outlet, I'll teleport directly to the location.

At this moment, the large group of red dots on the radar was approaching the thick fog of SV Fly! They had arrived first! Da Fei's heart was stuck in his throat!

Anwen roared, “Combine!”

Phantom Army!

— System Message: Your subordinate hero Anwen released Grandmaster-level “Illusion Legion” magic!

In that instant, all of the Forest Goddess's magic lights on the ship flashed and released magic at the same time. At the same time, SV Fly's magic sail suddenly accelerated and rushed out of the thick fog!

The moment he left the thick fog, Da Fei suddenly realized that the entire ship had become transparent! At the same time, an angelic system prompt sounded!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have learned "Stealth Sailing"!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Katerina, has learned the skill "Stealth Sailing"!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your subordinate hero Anwen has learned “Stealth Sailing”!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Katerina, has learned the Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, obtained information on Grandmaster Pirates!

— System Message: Your subordinate hero, Anwen, has obtained information on God-grade Arcana Magic!

Da Fei's respiration stopped when he saw a row of system notifications!

…