Chapter 133: Capturing The Lord Of The Abyss

At Mitsubishi Software Center in Japan.

"Reporting! China region's superhero has been discovered! Team leader, please give the order!"

"Keep an eye on him. We'll ask our American allies."

India, Bangalore's 8 command headquarters.

"Minister! A Plot Mission Player from the China server has been discovered."

"Target him and see how the United States and Japan react."

At the Los Angeles Hell Bar in America, a majestic symphony was playing.

"Sir, there's Duffy! They seem to have a lot of troops. Japan's India is asking for our next move."

"Hahaha! I'm here!"

Captain Howell replied without hesitation, "Attack! Otherwise, he will escape! Ask the Japanese to send more reinforcements."

"Yes, Sir!"

• • •

At this moment, Da Fei was trembling with excitement and nervousness as he faced the three warships from the Three Kingdoms! This was his 1v3! However, he was no longer the same as before. There was a Boss-level Charm Emperor on the inside and thousands of Flower Goblins on the outside. He was not afraid of any tricks. Even if he closed his eyes, he could still defeat them!

Da Fei looked at the military strength of the three ships through the telescope. Apart from a small number of Demonic Children and Shipwrights, each ship had more than 20 Abyss Overlords. As expected of the experts from various countries, their commanding power was really not low.

However, I have 1,200 Flower Goblins. Each of them has 9 HP and can withstand 10,800 Mana Damage. I need at least 400 Abyss Overlords to release 27 high-level Large Fireballs with basic damage to completely destroy my Flower Goblin army. Even if you players know some Attack Magic, you can't rely on these 60 Abyss Overlords to threaten my Flower Goblin army.

In other words, as long as he blocked the 1200 Flower Demons in front of the ship, it would be an indestructible magic shield. In fact, under such circumstances, the high-level Big Fireball, which had low basic damage, was far inferior to a single-target attack spell. He was definitely going to take them down.

He had to hide the Flower Goblin first. It would not be good if he scared the enemy away. Da Fei began to quickly calculate how many Flower Goblins he would need to use to destroy each enemy ship. After all, he still had to go to the kindergarten later. He had to conserve the Flower Goblin's mana as much as possible.

• • •

As they got closer, the three huge oars rose and fell as they sliced through the waves. Facing the massive warship, the commanders of the three command centers frowned as though they were facing a great enemy.

Right at this moment, the back of the huge warship shimmered with light. Countless densely packed flower demons flew out and formed a gorgeous light screen in front of SV Fly.

"Oh my God!" The command center of the Three Kingdoms was in an uproar!

"Attack!" Such a large number of flower demons shocked the commanders behind the scenes of the three countries. At the same time, the small amount of blood of the flower demons aroused their strong desire to kill!

The flames on the bodies of the Abyssal Overlords exploded loudly. As they roared in unison, dozens of large fireballs flew towards the group of flower demons with long trails—Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The flower demons were instantly drowned in the sea of fire. The entire underground space was illuminated by the huge burning flames! This was the shocking power of the Abyss Overlord's Large Fireball! In a large-scale war, the Abyss Overlord would not easily make a move. Once it made a move, it usually meant destruction! It meant locking onto the battle situation! All the spectators in the command center suddenly stood up and clenched their fists nervously!

The fire had yet to disperse, and the rumbling was still echoing underground. Countless buzzing bees descended like dark clouds, enveloping all the troops of the three ships!

Ah! There was a scream. The Indian players were the first to fall under the attack of the bees. The entire Indian command post was in an uproar! The soldiers had not died, but the hero had fallen?

Ahh! Another two screams rang out as the Japanese and American players fell! The big screen on the wall went black. Instant kill! The command center of the Three Kingdoms exploded!

• • •

At this moment, Da Fei could not see the situation of the battlefield clearly due to the red light in front of him. However, a large number of battle reports appeared!

— System Message: Your Flower Goblin troops have used Disturbing Spell and killed 60 demonic servant Shipwrights.

— System Message: Your Flower Goblin unit used Disturbance Magic and killed 22 enemy Devil Boy.

— System Message: Your Flower Goblin troops have used Disturbing Spell to kill the enemy player Skanda.

— System Message: You defeated the Skanda army, and five Lords of the Abyss surrendered to you! You killed the remaining troops of Skanda!

— System Message: Your Flower Goblin troops have used Disturbance Magic to kill enemy player Abamao.

— System Message: You defeated Player Abamao's troops. Six Abyss Overlord troops surrendered to you! You killed Player Abamao's remaining troops!

• • •

— System Message: Congratulations! You have defeated the Indian player from the opposing faction, Skanda, defeated the American player Abamao, defeated the Japanese player Wind Demon, Small Jiro. You have received 1131 gold coins, 12731 EXP, + 870 Reputation, you have received a C-rank Strategy Treasure: Telescope x3, you have received 16 surrendered Abyss Overlord troops.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have obtained "Victory in Battle 6". You have received additional Command Power + 3.

Looking at the large row of information notifications and seeing the red light gradually dissipating, Da Fei laughed heartily! Victory was within his expectations, but he did not expect such a huge surprise! He had captured 16 Abyss Overlords!

When the main commander of the players was killed, most of his remaining troops would fight to the death, the middle would escape, and a small portion would surrender. In such a water battle environment, especially in the Lake of Light that could kill demons, the Abyss Overlord would definitely not swim and escape. After all, they were not the remaining sailors when Da Fei killed the Earthshaking Cannon Merchant. Then, their chances of surrender would increase greatly!

The reason for this was because Da Fei's calculations were wrong! Da Fei's original plan was to instakill all of them with a swarm of bees, but he had accidentally neglected the Abyssal Lord's high Magic Resistance! The Abyssal Lord had more than 50% Magic Resistance, and 3 points of damage from the Flower Demon Magic could only cause 1 point damage. In other words, Da Fei needed to arrange two times more troops to instakill them!

However, it was precisely because of this mistake that even though the Abyss Overlord helped the Hero to share the damage caused by the Wasp magic, the Abyss Overlord was really too good at resisting and did not die, and the Player Commander did die without magic resistance.

After the flames dissipated, Da Fei looked at the scattered Lords of the Abyss who were waiting for him to collect them. He could not even close his mouth.

Wait! There's still a problem! Firstly, I don't have enough commanding power, so I can't take them away! Secondly, these Abyss Overlords are as fat as cows. It's not a problem for them to board the Devil-made flat-chested, open-air rowing boat, but it's definitely not possible for me to carry a sailboat like this! Damn! This is too much of a pain in the ass. These are ordinary players, no, Level 6 soldiers that even ordinary countries treat as treasures! I can't take them away? I can't fit them?

No, there was still a way. To set up camp in the wilderness!

In the game, if a player occupied a mine or camp in the wild, this situation would usually occur in the New World. The various facilities in the Old World were basically controlled by the NPC Kingdom. After occupying it, the player could leave behind some troops and supplies to defend it. The fighting strength of the garrison was on the same level as that of the wild monsters. The purpose of the garrison was actually to prevent some hostile small group of players from robbing the mines and harassing them.

Now, as long as Da Fei repaired this Flower Demon Soldier Camp, it meant that Da Fei had occupied a field army camp. Then, he would be able to station his troops at the outer perimeter of the army camp. However, this army camp was built on the roots of the water surface. This terrain was indeed unfavorable for large-sized soldiers like the Abyss Overlord.

The only way to do that was to bring the demon boats to the roots beneath the barracks and tie them up. By linking the three boats together, they should have reached the level of Cao Cao’s warships from back then, right? That was the only way. They might end up getting beaten up by the foreigners or be let off by the foreigners.

Apart from the harvest of 16 surrendered level 6 soldiers, the remaining were three binoculars. There was nothing much to say. During the open beta, things like binoculars were known as life insurance. Players who were defeated in the Faction War had a certain chance of dropping the treasures on them, and the lowest-tier treasures would be dropped first. Therefore, there were only a few store items like binoculars.

Da Fei started to miss the Merikan he met that day. Katerina had casually used an A-level treasure. She was too rich.

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill alert! 13 enemy faction warships are approaching you, please be alert!

Da Fei was shocked. There was indeed a large army!

…