Chapter 132: Second Encounter

With the battle imminent, Da Fei immediately went to the deck to look for the old lady.

Anwen chuckled. “The enemy’s movements are quite fast, but the arachne’s first target is the camp we repaired, so we can continue clearing out the bug nests along the way and accumulate more troops to create more trouble for the arachne. In short, this is all we can do for the higher-ups.”

Da Fei sighed and said, "Sigh, there's still half of the nest that hasn't been cleared. I really don't have much confidence in our current ship."

Anwen shook his head. “There’s no guarantee of victory in a war. We’re indeed taking a military risk, and so is the other party.”

Da Fei nodded. "Madam is right. It has been hard on you during this period of time. Rest for a while before the battle begins."

Anwen laughed. “I’m surprised you care about an old lady like me. I thought the captain would only care about little girls. That’s right, I need to rest.”

Da Fei's hair stood on end and he could not help but shiver. What the heck, is the old lady jealous of a little girl? I'm respecting the old and loving the young! Alright, I'm about to set off to beat up the Devil's Kindergarten.

Da Fei could only laugh dryly. "Madam, have a good rest. I'm here!"

• • •

At the demon camp, an overwhelming number of arachne swarmed out from the ancient tunnel. These giant spiders, which were as large as humans, were walking on the underground walls as if they were walking on flat ground. They didn’t stop at all and directly charged into the golden barrier of the World Tree.

Demons were divided into many races. The most common ones were the fire demons born from lava and the blood demons born from blood. These two types of demons formed the main body of the demon society. In the demon world, there were indeed some strange hybrid demons. They were the offspring of the hybrid species that were born when demons invaded the various planes and worlds. They acted as demonic servants or slaves in the demon society. Spider demons were one of the more appreciated species among demonic servants.

In fact, Orcs were once servants of Evil Demons, but in ancient times, under the leadership of an Orc Legendary Hero named Bulkeso, they defeated Evil Demons and obtained an independent identity. In short, this was a plot that Orc players could come into contact with.

Now, the appearance of the arachne reinforcements had shocked the entire world!

Seeing that the reinforcements were so powerful, the players from the various countries who had their own selfish motives could not help but be emboldened. Then, they would attack.

The Japanese region boasted that they were the strongest in the world, but they had completely lost their leadership position in the battle against the Ancient Wisdom Tree. Therefore, this was the last chance for the Japanese region to re-establish the image of a leader. This time, they had to do their best to win. Other countries wanted to protect their Rank 6 soldiers, while the Japanese region wanted the final outcome of the war! In order to achieve the final result and to establish the image of a leader, they would not hesitate to lose all their Rank 6 soldiers.

— "Greetings to all players. Due to the destruction of the Demon Army's construction site and the obstruction of some players, the Kingdom War that has been silent for a day has officially erupted! This is not a Kingdom War in the New World, and there is no precedent for it during the open beta. Therefore, it has attracted the curious gazes of all players around the world. What impact will this Kingdom War have on the China server? Will the World Tree be destroyed by the allied forces of hell? What benefits will the participating parties obtain from this Kingdom War? Let us wait and see. This is a real-time report from the reporter, Demon Girl 007!"

At present, the Japanese, American and Indian magnates had boarded the first row of large oar boats loaded with the soil of * * on the shore. Nearly a thousand large oar boats swept away the oars and charged into the Pond of Light.

For the Merika Area, which had come here for a holiday, nothing else mattered. The key was to find that fellow called Duffy and then charge forward to sink him! The enemy’s warship could not sink so many large oar boats at the same time.

Although there was a relatively strong wind blowing below the Pond of Light, it was still not enough compared to the sea breeze. Furthermore, there were no huge waves here. This was still the home ground of the giant oar boat. Once he was targeted, he could not escape!

• • •

At the same time, the officers of the Elven Kingdom's General Staff, who had been watching from the sidelines all this while, finally looked serious.

The Great Elder ordered solemnly, “Open the World Tree’s passageway and mass produce the Leaf Boat! We must annihilate the invading Hades Legion!”

He finally made his move! The Ancient One Star heaved a long sigh of relief. It felt as though he had been constipated for days!

— China Region World Announcement: Announcement! The Kingdom War between the Infernal Faction of the various regions of the world vs the Elf Faction of the China Region has begun! All Elf players who have received the registration mission, please stop all missions and battles. Three minutes later, the system will send the players to Faloran World Tree Square.

— World Channel 【 Eternal Star 】: The Elven gamers of the China server, today is the day we receive the attention of the world. Today is the day we showcase the spirit of the Chinese server's players. Today, we will showcase our style, level, temperament, and beat them up! Come on, let's fight!

— World Channel < Godly Emperor >: Ninth Heaven wishes the Chinese players a successful victory!

All of a sudden, all sorts of rich people flooded the world channel.

Da Fei, who was at the frontline, could not help but let out a long breath. Damn, I'm finally not playing solo anymore. But even if I attack to kindergarten, I'll still be playing solo? Damn!

At this moment, under Da Fei's focus fire, the 53rd Bug Nest once again let out a sharp hiss and collapsed. Da Fei's Flower Goblin troops immediately went forward to carry out this probably the last round of repair and recruit the last Forest Goddess. At the same time, they also bought more time for the old lady to rest and recover. After all, after reaching kindergarten, the old lady might not have time to recover.

Perhaps the scream of the bug hive had alerted some clever enemy players. Just as the flower demons were repairing the barracks, Da Fei's Reconnaissance Skill called the police! At the same time, a few large red dots appeared on the small map.

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! Three enemy battleships are approaching you, please be alert.

Oh? They're here! Three battleships, right? Let me take a look!

Da Fei took out his binoculars and looked in the direction of the red dot on the map. One Japanese warship, one American warship, one that…? Third Brother Nation? They formed a triangular search formation and quickly approached him. Damn, you guys are really good. I'm already at the edge of the Pool of Light, but you guys still managed to find me. However, your formation is obviously meant for me to defeat them one by one, okay?

Alright, it doesn't matter if there are more troops behind you. It's just three troops. I'll get rid of them first! It's everyone's responsibility to protect the country. Of course, the main thing is that the army camp is about to be repaired. Giving up one Forest Goddess would be a huge loss. This isn't an ordinary Level 4 soldier. It's a healing Level 4 soldier! Rare!

…