Chapter 138: Attacking The Abyss Blood Pool

There was no suspense in the killing in the fog. Da Fei laughed wildly until the end. When the last red dot on the small map disappeared, a long row of system messages finally came to an end of the year.

— System Message: Brilliant victory! You have defeated the army of 44 players from the opposing faction. You have gained experience + 234,691, gold + 20,16, Reputation + 12,760, you have obtained C-rank Strategy Treasure Telescope x43, you have captured Demon Servant Shipwright x232, and captured Abyss Overlord x37.

— System Message: You have obtained the achievement "Victory in Battle 7". Additional reward: Command Power + 10. You have obtained the achievement "Victory in Battle 1". Additional reward: Command Power + 20. Hero Health + 20.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, has obtained relevant information regarding Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, has obtained relevant information about Grandmaster-level pirates.

Wahahaha! Katrina did indeed receive the information about the grandmasters. It was a double shot! Pirates and Nautical Skills really complemented each other. In fact, pirates had a future. Right, there was also the achievement of winning a glorious battle? How did this achievement be determined? In short, it was definitely going to be a big battle, a big victory. Wahahaha!

Anwen laughed. “Miss Katrina seems to have learned a lot. In short, she’ll understand after a few more simulations or battles.”

As expected! Deity-level research while fighting a war. This was the way to comprehend the Grandmaster Nautical Skill! Da Fei excitedly bowed again. "Ms. Anwen is really admirable!"

Anwen laughed loudly. “It’s because your conditions are too harsh. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to teach me even if you wanted to!”

Of course! Da Fei said happily, "Madam, you're too kind!"

Anwen waved his hand with a faint smile. The mist had dispersed, and the sea was filled with dilapidated oars. There were only a handful of surrendered captives on each boat. The greatest gains from this battle were these 37 Abyssal Lords. Although there was a large gap between them and the target of more than 70 captives, it wasn’t a bad thing that so many of them were still alive while Blacky was firing indiscriminately.

Da Fei waved at the driver's seat. "Baby, drag him away!"

Katerina, who was in a good mood, laughed out loud. "No problem!"

Fortunately, these captives were being carried by boats on the sea. If they were on land, unless they learned advanced logistics skills and could buy a military coach, they would only be able to watch helplessly as they were unable to move. In the end, they would become wild monsters. As for the sea, of course, they could be dragged away. This kind of dragging speed was very slow, so there was an important skill to increase speed. Drag!

— Navigation: Advanced Nautical Skill. Player's large ship can cause serious damage, and unmanned ships can quickly drag the voyage.

Key word: Rapid Dragging! Dragging was a very important sub-skill in Nautical Skills. For pirates, this was a compulsory skill, and there was no need to explain it. For merchant caravans and Marines who ran ships, this skill was also a compulsory skill. Once a ship had an accident, their teammates could pull it, and then some ships that were bound to sink would be saved. More importantly, dragging was the prerequisite skill for Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill, "Nautical".

— Navigation: The speed of the flagship determines the speed of the fleet. The captain or first mate of a subordinate fleet has to learn Master-level Nautical Skills and towing before they can accept the flagship's Navigation.

This was the divine skill of the merchant association!

The ship models were different. Naturally, the speed was different. The faster the ship, the less cargo it could carry. However, ships with more cargo usually could not run fast enough. If they had a navigational skill, they could use fast boats as their flagship and pull the slower big cargo ships so that the slower ships would not fall behind.

Scientifically speaking, it was probably related to the theory of the Goose Array in fluid mechanics. In other words, the increase in strength produced by the flapping of a goose's wings could save a lot of energy for the geese behind. In addition, we often see in the news that the United States Navy's aircraft carrier strike groups are traveling in a straight line. That's about it. Students interested in the theory of the Goose Array can ask their PE teacher.

During the open beta period, there was a term called "trainhead" in the sea business world! The trainhead referred to players who had learned the skill of navigating! They were big shot talents hired by various merchant associations with high salaries. Their game account's value evaluation was not inferior to any so-called Godly Hero. The corresponding big slow ship was train skin.

Now, Katerina's Nautical Skill had a chance to become a Grandmaster, and he had the fastest ship in the world. What did this mean? It meant that the white sky was waiting for him, and the beautiful angel was calling from afar! Wahahaha!

I won't be hired as a train driver. I'll set up my own Chamber of Commerce and lead my own team to run boats! I've said before that I'll bring my baby to live in the most luxurious palace on the sea. I'll do what I say!

However, Da Fei asked, “Ms. Anwen, what should we do next?”

Anwen shook his head with a smile. “There’s no wind underground now. Captain won’t be able to do much here, so we can only go to the Abyssal Blood Pool. In short, we should take this opportunity to rest and reorganize our troops.”

We're finally going on our way! Da Fei nodded. "Okay, lady, you've worked hard just now. Please go and rest for a while."

Anwen smiled. “That’s a necessary warm-up. Captain should be busy cleaning up the battlefield.”

“Got it.”

SV Fly began to circle around the battlefield to take in the captives. It gathered the remaining troops, food, and other supplies into a few ships to transport them. It was very busy and orderly. As expected of Katerina, who was a pirate, she must be a veteran at doing such things. However, her father had probably never done such a large-scale battlefield cleaning before.

As for the other troops, they seized the opportunity to sleep and rest to recover their mana. Da Fei guarded the surroundings vigilantly.

At this moment, the various local tyrants in the world channel were cheering non-stop. The current regional channel was noisy. Every time a player defeated a foreign warship, the channel was filled with cheers. Under such a fervent atmosphere, all the players who participated in the battle were fired up and completely forgot their initial thoughts of preserving their troops before the war. This was the charm of a national war. Once the atmosphere was created, no player could help but be disinterested.

Looking at the comments all over the world, how could Da Fei not be tempted and feel his blood boiling? Meow, no one knew that he had flipped 44 ships. No one cheered for him! However, the foreigners knew! What would happen if he stood on the battlefield with the remaining power of a great victory? Wouldn't he scare all the foreigners to death?

F*ck, join the battle my ass. What else can I do now that the wind is gone? Let's not talk about whether the foreigners will attack me with their bloodshot eyes and want to kill all the people on this mission. I can't guarantee that there won't be enemies who will take the opportunity to do something behind my back. I'd better listen to Old Madam and get ready to go.

No one knew their names. Their achievements were eternal—Sigh, the legendary sad life!

When SV Fly finished cleaning up the battlefield, the enemy did not appear. Was he afraid? Sure.

Now, SV Fly was dragging two full ships of troops and supplies to the Flower Demon Battalion that had been guarding the Abyssal Lord just now. It seemed that the arachne reinforcements had subdued most of the battalions. I wonder how long this battalion will last? In short, I can only rely on these 53 Abyssal Lords to defend. I probably won't be able to defend for long. Sigh, in the end, I didn't even get an advantage from a rank 6 soldier. In short, I'll just treat it as training Katerina. This is my future train, wahahaha!

After settling down the Lord of Abyss, SV Fly arrived at the planned teleportation location on the map before the expedition. By now, the troops' mana had mostly recovered.

Anwen sat in the middle of the transportation formation on the deck and began to cast a spell with a solemn expression. A white light erupted from the formation, and the entire ship turned pale.

Anwen said in a deep voice, “Captain, are you ready? We’ll need to carry out the pre-war teleportation plan! The Abyssal Blood Pool is geographically too far away for us to reach, but it’s quite close to us in terms of space. It can be said to be several walls away.”

Da Fei took a deep breath and nodded. "I'm ready!" Suddenly, Da Fei remembered something. "The Flower Goblin will follow me to battle?"

Anwen was startled. “Captain’s battleship is their only home. What else can they do but follow you?”

So that's how it is. This mission mode changed the attributes of the Flower Goblin that could not fight! Good! With such a powerful magic meat shield, I have confidence!

Anwen shouted, “Let’s go!”

SV Fly turned into a white light and disappeared.

…