Chapter 134: Using Life To Consume Mana

Da Fei instantly killed three players. It was indeed shocking to the players from the USA, but it was precisely because Da Fei's performance was so powerful that he had to go all out to kill him. He could not be left alive!

Hence, under Captain America's command, the first batch of 13 battleships rushed to reinforce the battlefield at full speed. At the same time, the 20 battleships of the second batch of reinforcements also set off at full speed. No matter how powerful the Flower Goblin was, they only had 10 mana points. As long as they were willing to sacrifice all of the Flower Goblin's mana, their prey would definitely be defeated.

At this moment, facing the 13 battleships charging at him at full speed on the small map, Da Fei, who had just tasted the sweetness, not only did not want to run, but his fighting spirit was overflowing!

Just think about it, if one ship surrendered 5,600, 13 ships would mean more than 70 surrendered! The key was that if there were 70 soldiers and 16 soldiers that had just been stationed, with such a huge number of level 6 troops and the most troublesome high HP Magic Defense troops stationed here, who would dare to attack? They were definitely god-level creeps!

That's right. If the 16 soldiers that he had just obtained were still worried that they would be defeated, then it would be safe to add another 70 soldiers! Only then would he truly be able to get his hands on them. Alright, this was the weakness of human nature. In the face of greed, people would often lose their rationality. Of course, this was not just Da Fei's weakness alone. How was it different with so many shareholders? They said that once the stock price rose, they would be eliminated. In the end, when the price rose, they would not be willing to be eliminated.

At this moment, Da Fei was rapidly thinking of a strategy to fight the enemy.

13 warships were too large. It was impossible to eat them in one bite. Then, he would kite them with guerrilla tactics! Under normal circumstances, sailing ships would definitely not be faster than oarsmen, but it was different with his magic sail. Besides, he had Nautical Skill. Erm, there was no need to mention his skill level. The key was that his first mate, Katerina, had the Master-level Nautical Skill and Master-level Pirate Speed enhancement. And they were the main players of various countries. They definitely did not have Nautical Skill!

Therefore, my skills are enough to close the gap and even make up for the difference in the species of the ship. I can definitely attack them boldly! I should take the opportunity to discover them first, escape from their encirclement and occupy an advantageous position, then attack them one by one!

A guerrilla war between hunter and prey had begun!

At this moment, in the center of the Lake of Light, a large patch of green light shone down from the sky, and the entire lake bottom rumbled. The tree roots soaked in the lake water lifted up a large island and floated to the surface of the water. Then, white light flashed wildly, and thousands of Chinese-area Elven players appeared densely on the island.

Amidst the green light, countless huge leaves floated down into the water, forming a leaf boat that could only be seen in fairy tales. Then, a large number of flower demons flew down from the sky. These flower demons formed a group and flew towards the boats. Holding onto the huge handles of the leaves, they gently pushed the boats to the shore and called out, “Warriors, please board!”

For a moment, the entire island was in an uproar! Compared to the steel ship of the Demon Race, this leaf ship gave people the feeling of a huge pit! Would it sink while driving?

However, a game was a game. You had to believe in its quality. The players on the shore couldn't wait to board the ship first. The flower demons pushed the leaf boat away from the shore.

In an instant, everyone on the boat cried out, “So fast! So cool!”

"Hurry, hurry, hurry, get on the boat!"

— Regional Channel 【 Old Jiang 】: Greetings to all gamers and members of Stars. I am Old Jiang of Stars Guild. On behalf of Stars Guild, I am in charge of the command of this Kingdom War. I want to tell everyone that this will be an extremely tragic battle. We are facing the high-level troops of the Infernal Race from various countries. All members, please be mentally prepared and carry out orders that seem to be suicidal! At the same time, for the common goal of victory, please believe in Stars' ability and cooperate with our command. Thank you again. "

Instantly, the island was filled with thunderous applause. "Xingchen!" "Xingchen!" Shouts resounded throughout the island.

Meanwhile, the Aeon Star was currently negotiating with Ma Yinglong.

"Chairman Ma, the war is imminent. Can we discuss your plans?"

Ma Yinglong let out a long sigh. "President Long, if you were me, if you were in my position, would you teach me what to do?"

Ancient One Star chuckled. "I think that no matter who wins in the end, there is at least one thing that cannot be taken away by foreigners. This is our Chinese territory."

Ma Yinglong sighed and said, "That's what I think too! In short, the Chinese don't hit the Chinese. Otherwise, the Chinese will scold and laugh overseas."

Ancient One Star laughed. "No problem! However, I do hope that Chairman Ma will stab the foreigners in the back."

Ma Yinglong chuckled. "Of course! When the time comes, I'll wipe you all out."

After the guild leader conversation ended, Ma Yinglong's message rang again. It was Thunder Fire Dragon.

Thunder Fire Dragon: "Boss, what a shocking discovery! I received a nurturing mission from the female hero that Brother San booked! That female hero is super good! Her attributes are so high even though she's only level 5 now. Her specialty is…"

Ma Yinglong hurriedly interrupted, "I didn't say anything!"

"Yes, I'll take the picture. Oh right, this heroine is the one that Third Brother groomed in the Wisdom Tree last night. She's especially good with wooden ears. As long as my affinity level reaches 50%, I can abduct her!"

Ma Yinglong stared at the picture in a daze for a while before he ordered, "Alright! We must snatch her over! We will give her whatever she wants! If necessary, we will stab Ah San's anus!"

"Understood!"

• • •

At the edge of the Pond of Light, Da Fei's SV Fly and the attacking fleet faced each other. Da Fei saw a familiar face, SawSaw! The two of them looked at each other through the telescope. Da Fei took out the Speed Cloak and waved it. The other party gave him the middle finger! Wahahaha! Rich brother from America, I miss you so much!

At this moment, the attacking fleet was not in a hurry to advance. Instead, they changed their formation and tried to surround SV Fly again.

Da Fei snorted. You want to surround me? Did my proficient Nautical Skill not make you give up? Then, there's only one possibility. There are still reinforcements coming! It's time to pull teeth from the tiger's mouth!

Da Fei seized the opportunity and waved his hand. The magic sail rose and a strong wind blew past. SV Fly suddenly accelerated and rushed towards the Japanese warship at the outermost edge of the enemy's formation! Such a godly skill shocked the command centers of the various countries!

The Japanese warship knew that it was going to lose, so it wasn’t afraid at all. It charged forward with all its might! Both sides had their own determination. One was to capture the enemy’s Rank 6 soldiers alive, while the other was to exhaust the enemy’s magic power. As a result, after the earth-shattering explosion of flames, the warship died and both sides got what they wanted!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have defeated the Japanese players from the enemy camp, Nail Miyamoto. You have received 212 gold coins, 3430 EXP, + 300 Reputation, you have received C-rank Strategy Treasure: Telescope, you have received four surrendered Abyss Overlord troops!

Wahahaha! A good start! Who's next?

Looking at the four surrendered Abyss Overlords on the defeated warship, the command centers of the various countries were enlightened! So the purpose of this Chinese was to recruit level 6 soldiers!

Captain Howell of the United States immediately ordered, "The nearest battleship, go finish off the surrendered troops! The other battleships, get closer!"

Just as Da Fei was looking for his next target, he suddenly saw a battleship boarding a defeated battleship. More than 20 Abyss Overlords swarmed up and killed the four surrendered Abyss Overlords.

Da Fei was so shocked that his balls shattered all over the ground! What the f*ck! What the hell are you guys doing! Fine, did you think that I only have the Flower Goblin to exhaust the Flower Goblin's mana to kill me? What a lousy plan!

I only need 400 Flower Goblins to defend against two or three Abyssal Lords' fireballs! I have enough Flower Goblins to take turns to rest.

As for the damage output, of course, it was no wonder that he had sent out God-level monsters, Druids, to clear the place in shifts! He had originally wanted to preserve their mana, but now it seemed that he could not be lenient with imperialism!

Another warship was defeated! Da Fei's laughter echoed through the underground.

"Oh my god! It's a Druid!"

"How much resources did this Chinese guy get from the system?"

The new soldiers shocked the Three Kingdoms Command! Howell's gaze turned cold. "Send a third reinforcement! We must eliminate him!"

…