Chapter 131: Using Gold Coins To Smash Skill Levels

The war was coming, and SV Fly was still trying to recover the Pool of Light and recruit as many flower demons and forest goddesses as possible.

It would be ideal if he could recover all of them and complete the Purification Mission before the enemy attacked. Unfortunately, the enemy was not a fool and would not let Da Fei do as he wished. As a last resort, he could only use the old lady's plan and teleport to the Abyss Blood Pool to exchange places with them.

Da Fei continued to train the Banshee in the artillery cabin.

A cannon sounded. After countless failures, a white light shone on the Banshee. Success! Da Fei was ecstatic!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully trained the Banshee into a Banshee Artillery! You have spent 500 gold coins, you have obtained a new type of soldier, your Special Forces training skill has been unlocked to "Intermediate"!

— System Message: You have obtained information on Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines.

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned! What the heck, I thought it was a double shot. If I succeed, I'll become a Grandmaster. In the end, a Grandmaster is still on the way! Could it be that I have to train the Banshee's Cannon Technique to Intermediate or even Advanced? But why does it cost gold coins! And it's five hundred gold coins? An adult class has to pay money? But that's good too. As I expected, learning Intermediate Special Forces Training is not bad.

Da Fei started to check the attributes of this female artillery soldier.

— Banshee Artillery: Attack: 15, Defense: 10, Health: 35, Damage: 6-13, Attack Speed: 10, Movement Speed: 16, Command Value: 2, Fire Resistance: 90%, Magic Carry: 45%. Special Skill: Charm, Chain Shot, Elementary Study of War Machines. Training fee: 500 gold coins.

Not bad! With an additional special skill and a flash of white light, her basic Attack and Defense attributes had increased by leaps and bounds! The Attack and Defense of an ordinary Banshee was only 6 points each. This was close to the standard of a Level 5 soldier! Not to mention other things, just the recruitment price of this Banshee was 350 + training price of 500. That was indeed the standard of a Level 5 soldier. It was even close to the standard of some Level 6 soldiers!

That was to say, even if they were not allowed to use cannons, they could still be used as Level 5 soldiers? However, the so-called Level 5 soldiers were too weak. Level 4 soldiers in the control field were enough, but the damage output was too low to be a Level 5 soldier. Being an artillery soldier was obviously not as good as being a skilled navy member who had advanced War Machine Master and Ballista Master. In short, the price-performance ratio of these soldiers was too low. It was not perfect, just like some strange soldiers that Undead players often created.

‘ There’s nothing to say. Keep training.’

— System Message: Sorry, your current Special Forces training skill level is unable to continue training this soldier.

Ah? My skill level isn't high enough again? Am I too stupid to teach, or am I too stupid to teach? Same rules, switch! The Boss-level Banshee is definitely smarter than me. If this doesn't work, then it's my problem.

Da Fei changed the Demonic Emperor Didi to the Ballista and used his skill.

— System Message: This training will cost 500 gold coins. If you fail, you will not return the gold coins. Are you sure you want to continue?

What the heck! Wasn't he not accepting money just now? Why is he collecting money now? Isn't this the same as training the Scouts and Banshee back then? Da Fei hurriedly checked the introduction of the Banshee Artillery Instructor's skill! Indeed, there was an additional line of "Training Cost: 500 gold coins" at the end of the introduction!

Ah! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! Although Special Forces training was mysterious and required players to comprehend and perfect their main skills on their own, wasn't it too much of a pain to perfect a charging option? He would rather not perfect it!

There was no need to say anything else. Since they dared to accept money, the System had to do things for the players. As long as the System did not directly notify them that they could not train, that was fine. Wasn't it just money? He cheated the Merchant out of 30,000. The Mayor privately sponsored 10,000. Then, he spent another 25,000 to train the Scout Demoness. Then, he crushed the Level 8 Soldier Hero and earned 20,000. Then, he defeated the Supervisor Boss and got another 5,000. Then, he killed the Merikan and got 300. Then, for some reason, he gave these strange uncles and artillery salaries. In short, he still had 40,000 on him now. He had a lot of money. He could afford it!

— System Message: You spent 500 gold coins to train the Artillery Training on the Charm Emperor Didi!

— System Message: Very regretful! Your upgrade of the Charm Emperor Didi's War Machineology level failed!

Oh yeah, 500 gold coins were gone just like that. Continue!

Ten times passed, 5,000 gold coins were gone, and Didi’s stamina was also gone. Change, Lili, come! Another 10 times passed, and 10,000 gold coins were gone! Change, did Did Didi eat and drink enough? Continue!

Another 10 times passed! A total of 15,000 gold coins were gone. Da Fei started to lose his cool!

If a successful breakthrough to the Intermediate level meant that one would be able to attain the Grandmaster level, then Da Fei would not doubt it. The problem was that he could not be sure! What if he could not attain the Grandmaster level even after reaching the Intermediate level? Even training to the Intermediate level was so difficult, would he not have enough money to train to the Advanced level?

Just as he was feeling anxious, a white light descended from the sky. A pleasant system notification sounded! Da Fei's heart instantly jumped to his throat!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully upgraded the Intermediate level of the Goblin Emperor, Didi's attributes have been upgraded. Attack + 3, Defense + 3, Health + 10.

— System Message: You have obtained information on Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines.

— System Message: You received information about Advanced Special Forces training.

Pfft! As the saying goes, the greater the hope, the greater the disappointment. Da Fei spat out another mouthful of blood! He had spent so much money to get to the Intermediate level, but he did not expect to gain any insight into the Grandmaster level. In the end, he did not even manage to gain any insight into the Advanced Special Forces training. He even started to show off and "get information" with just a mere Advanced Skill! He could not even gain any insight into the Advanced Skill level in one go?

Next, Li Li!

Failure! Failure! The 10th failure! The 11th failure! Finally, there was a flash of white light! Li Li had also successfully advanced to the intermediate level!

The same message appeared again! Grandmasters were still on the way, and so were high-level Grandmasters!

I don't believe it! Continue to change players, go to the Banshee Artillery Squad. System prompt message still can't be trained! Da Fei was stunned!

Right now, the three of them couldn’t train anymore and their skills were over. What exactly was wrong? At least one thing was certain. The boss’s intelligence was high, so the boss could forcefully upgrade to the intermediate level, but normal Banshee couldn’t.

Perhaps, the problem lay in the continuous failures? Think about it, if an instructor could not even train a soldier to beginner level and had to continuously fail and try his luck, how could this instructor successfully advance to a higher level skill?

Then, there might only be one answer. When he could guarantee 100% success in training soldiers, his skills would naturally improve.

In other words, to upgrade other skills, he might need "enlightenment", but to upgrade the level of Special Forces training, he would need to accumulate real proficiency? In other words, he would need to recruit a ship full of Banshee, and when he ensured that he could successfully upgrade them into artillery soldiers, he would naturally be able to upgrade his skills?

Regardless of whether this idea was right or not, wasn't my original intention to build a Banshee camp to recruit a ship full of Banshee? Now, I'm back to Deirdre's problem. The instructor isn't around, so the camp is useless!

Da Fei could only helplessly hug the two sweethearts and sigh. "Can you operate the Banshee camp on the ship?"

The two obedient ones said with a troubled expression, "Master, our Banshee camp is not in Hell's territory, and we don't have any territorial population, so how can we recruit Banshee Warriors? If we can train like Lady Deirdre, we can summon warriors, but we also can't."

Da Fei sighed. As expected.

What should I do now? I finally found a way to advance to the Grandmaster level, but it was put on hold because Dierdre wasn't around? Or should I buy Banshee from the players of the Infernal Race in the future? F*ck, aren't my balls really hurting?

How is Deirdre now? Da Fei started to check the mission board 'Road of Heroes' notification. Currently, Deirdre's favorability had dropped to 55%!

This shocked Da Fei so much that his balls flew off and his balls shattered! How did Ah San progress so quickly! Why was Ah San so good at picking up girls?

As the eggs were crushed, Da Fei's message sounded. It was another Thunder Fire Dragon.

Lei Huolong said, “Brother Fei, the arachne reinforcements have arrived. The entire ceiling is filled with densely packed eaves and walls. We’re waiting for the ship at the back. The Japanese, third brother, and Americans are charging at the front. Brother Fei, be careful.”

The battle had finally begun!

Da Fei subconsciously asked, "Third Brother, what have you been doing recently?"

Lei Huolong laughed. “Brother San is too funny. NPCs have blocked dozens of accounts. Anyway, their goal is to recruit a female hero. It shouldn’t be a big threat to Brother Fei.”

Who said it's not a big threat! It's already 55%! Tsk! I won't let Third be complacent.

Da Fei gritted his teeth and said, "Are you not interested in the heroine? The heroine feels great!"

Lei Huolong could not help but laugh. "That's true. Brother Fei is indeed Brother Fei. He is the only sub-hero in the entire China server with beautiful women. Furthermore, he is an expert with two sub-heroes!"

Da Fei also laughed. "The benefits of being a heroine are really endless. To be able to catch the eye of a heroine like Third Brother in such a big country is even more impressive. This is a product from China. It's not good for Ah San to take advantage of it."

Lei Huolong was taken aback. “That’s true! Third Brother has been surrounding that heroine to the point where no one can squeeze in. There are also the Japanese helping him. Now that Ah San has been warned to take action, we can finally understand!”

Da Fei hurriedly said, "What do you mean by understand?! She has to be eliminated!"

Lei Huolong laughed out loud. “Interesting! Interesting! Alright, we’re queuing up anyway. No, I’ll personally go meet that beauty! Haha! Brother Fei, take your time!”

Da Fei gritted his teeth. His heart was bleeding! There was nothing he could do about this. He could only hope that a third party would step in and snatch the Dragon Slaying Saber away from him. Then, he would reduce Ah San's favorability and buy time for him. He needed time! As long as he ended the war before they settled it, there would be no problem!

…