Chapter 141: Clearing Some Medium Voyager

() Storm! Is this mission customized for me? Da Fei said in disbelief, "Are you sure it's a Storm?"

Katerina sighed. "I don't know what will happen to the Demon World, but this situation will definitely be a storm on the Surface World!"

Anwen sighed. “I think it’s a storm. Captain, prepare yourself for it.”

Da Fei was stunned. Although his specialty was Storm Voyager, every time he encountered a Storm Ship, its durability would drop by 1,000. SV Fly's durability was less than 1,000!

Da Fei looked around. The sea of blood was surging with waves, and there was not even a small island to hide from the wind! Da Fei said in shock, "Can we survive it?"

Katerina frowned. "Our ship has been greatly renovated before the expedition, and it is filled with sailors. If we repair it in time, the damage should not be as great as before."

Da Fei sighed in his heart and waved his hand. "Everyone, prepare for the storm! Everyone, enter the cabin!"

Katerina immediately shouted to the sailors, "Lower the sails! Lower the sails! Pack up the items on the deck and prepare the backup tools and materials!"

Looking at the bustle on the deck, Da Fei felt conflicted. If he completed the mission in the Pool of Light normally and repaired the ship before attacking, there would be no need to be afraid of the storm! At this point, he could only grit his teeth and endure it! Oh right, he also had a notebook that Markal gave him to upgrade his Intermediate Voyager experience! As long as he upgraded one level more, the professional special ability that he transformed into, Storm Voyage, would be more secure!

— Voyager Advancement Notice: Using this item, you will spend one Skill Point to raise your Voyager Class Level to "Intermediate Voyager".

Ah! Da Fei vomited blood! I don't have any Skill Points!

Da Fei's body trembled as he rubbed the notebook and let out a long sigh! He thought that he could counter every move and calculate every step carefully, but in the end, he did not have any Skill Points at the critical moment! Heavens, are you kidding me?

Anwen sighed. “Captain, what are you thinking about?”

Oh yeah! Miracle Old Madam, you have a way, right? You must have a way, right? Aren't you a retired mentor? It's a piece of cake for a mentor to give away dozens of Skill Points!

Da Fei's face was full of tears as he said, "Ma'am, although I have prepared the Intermediate Voyager scroll to deal with the storm, I don't have any Skill Points to learn at this critical moment! Can you think of a way!"

Look, if it wasn't for me, would you be able to comprehend the Godly Skill? Although I have obtained more from you, you are still an elder. You have to have the bearing of an elder. As a token of gratitude for comprehending the Godly Skill, it is normal for you to give me a Skill Book.

Anwen chuckled. Da Fei’s eyelids twitched. There’s a chance! Old lady, you really can fulfill all my dreams!

Anwen said indifferently, “What’s so difficult about that? Captain can just pay a visit to online merchants and buy some detergent.”

Ah! Da Fei spat out another mouthful of blood! NPCs were indeed NPCs. They spoke for the game company at such a critical moment!

Humans would always make mistakes, whether intentionally or unintentionally, whether it was their brain or their hands shaking. Choosing the wrong skill was a common occurrence. As a world-class online game, Hero Genesis, regardless of whether it was out of human concern or user experience, had to have traditional Potioneering.

Of course, there was a huge restriction on purchasing potions. Each account could only buy one bottle in real life, and each bottle only cost 1,000 RMB, which was equivalent to 1,000 RMB. The account was bound and could not be traded. This prevented the rich players from changing their character randomly. That's right, the purpose of washing potions was to save those players who made mistakes due to trembling hands.

As a professional gamer, he had yet to earn a single cent from the game, but he had already spent 100 yuan to buy three offline items, the Sanctuary of God. Was he supposed to continue spending 1,000 points? He had already spent 1,000 for the lottery! If he spent another 1,000, he would not even be able to afford instant noodles!

Dafei sighed and said, "Let me reconsider!"

What the heck! Think again my ass! I'm about to sell my inheritance to the Dragon Slayer. Although I haven't discussed the price yet, I don't care about this 1,000! I'll buy it! Da Fei immediately logged into the Merchant Shop!

— Ding dong! There was a crisp sound in the Merchant Shop's mailbox. Da Fei's face was covered in tears! No matter how many time-space planes were separated, the Merchant Shop was the player's most caring and good partner!

Which skill should he use? Of course, it was the sub-skill "Disguise" under the Reconnaissance Skill. Back then, in order to sneak into the cloister, he had used this skill. Now, he didn't need it anymore. He probably wouldn't need it in the future.

After using the potion, a golden light flashed and a Skill Point appeared on the System prompt message! Da Fei clapped his hands and crumpled the notebook into a ball. Another golden light flashed!

— System Message: You used "Voyager's Advancement Notice" with a Skill Point. You have successfully advanced to Intermediate Voyager.

— Intermediate Voyager: The speed of Hero's ship increases by an additional 20% at sea, the effect is superimposed with Nautical Skill. Hero receives an additional sub-occupation Ziyou attribute point reward every 4 levels. Hero's sub-hero gain 200 EXP daily at sea.

— System Message: You have received an intermediate Voyager Class bonus of 1 ziyou attribute point. (Note: Da Fei is Level 30, Junior Voyager has an additional 1 attribute point for every 5 levels, which has already increased by 6 points. Intermediate Level 4 bonus of 1 point should increase by 7 points, now compensate 1 point)

Oh yeah! I've finally fulfilled my wish. I have to say, I've never spent money recklessly in my life. This 1,000 yuan is the most worth it.

Now, this explained the relationship between the captain and the first mate. The first mate was the vice captain. He had all the captain's navigation functions. The two seafaring skills complemented each other (Key word: seafaring skill). After arranging for the Grandmaster-level nautical skill to increase 120% speed and the 25% speed increase of the Master-level pirate Katerina to be the first mate, the speed of the ship was naturally based on Katerina's high skills. The high skills covered Da Fei's low-level nautical skills, and the ship's speed increased to 145%.

However, Da Fei was a Voyager with an additional 20% ship speed. If the first mate didn't have this skill, then the ship speed would increase by 165%. This speed was naturally very terrifying. This was also the reason why the huge oar boats that didn't know any Nautical Skills were circling around the Pond of Light.

The preparations for SV Fly were completed quickly and orderly. The navy members who were in charge of taking risks on the deck even had cables tied to their waists. The other sailors in the cabins carried their own materials and tools. They tied up the protective cables and got into position. It had to be said that Da Fei, as a player, did not understand these things at all. Fortunately, he had Katerina.

Everything was ready.

At this moment, the sky was covered in thick clouds and the sea of blood was raging. The wind and the sea were dark. SV Fly, with its sails lowered, was moving up and down in the waves.

Da Fei and Katerina were in the driver's seat. They looked at each other and broke out in cold sweat. The storm had yet to arrive, but the sound of the storm was already shocking. This storm was definitely much stronger than the first two storms they had encountered! Could it be that the Devil World's products must be of good quality? Even the standard of the storm was higher than that of the Surface World?

I'm afraid even my newly promoted Intermediate Voyager might not be able to survive this! Da Fei had no choice but to prepare for the worst. If the ship capsized, the mission would definitely fail, and the barracks on the ship would be wasted. It would only cost 100 million. Katerina had comprehended the Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill. She could go out and pull the ship as a train and make a comeback. Money was not an issue. The problem was that the two little sweethearts, Didili, who had spent so much effort, would also die here. This was something that Da Fei could not accept.

Just as he was in a dilemma, a bolt of lightning struck the sky and the sea. The entire world was filled with red lightning as a violent wind blew!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. It's here!

…