Chapter 143: Raging Sea Of Blood'S Battle

The revival of SV Fly gave Da Fei immense confidence. Now, Katerina continued to control SV Fly to dodge the waves that swept over. Under the bumpy damage and continuous restoration, SV Fly's durability started to recover steadily.

Da Fei threw his head back and laughed. He wanted to kill him! His skills were meant to defy nature!

Just as Da Fei was enjoying the 5,800 experience points of resistance that popped up every ten seconds, there was another bolt of lightning in the sky. The blood-colored rain poured down from the clouds. There was a dark blood screen between the sky and the sea! Visibility was extremely low!

Katerina exclaimed, "I can't see the waves!"

— System Message: You fought against the storm, EXP + 10,800!

Da Fei was shocked. He had tens of thousands of EXP! The difficulty had doubled! Katerina could no longer see! However, he could see it with his God-level Reconnaissance Skill!

Da Fei threw himself behind Katerina, leaned close to her waist and held her hands that were holding the rudder. "My eyes are your eyes. Let's merge!"

Katerina pushed Da Fei away and shouted anxiously, "Captain, quickly get on the observation deck! You're a part-time navigator!"

Navigator? Yes, Navigator! Da Fei hurriedly opened the cockpit door. The storm mixed with the rain of blood caused Da Fei to shake violently. The entire cockpit was covered in blood!

Katerina shouted, "Captain, get into position!"

What the heck! It's the first mate who ordered the captain! Da Fei stabilized himself and struggled to rush out of the door. While the world was spinning, he climbed to the viewing platform at the top of the mast. At this moment, Da Fei saw a side wave coming from the darkness!

Da Fei shouted, "Charge forward!!!"

Boom!!! SV Fly flew again, and Da Fei grabbed the escalator tightly. His entire body turned into a human-shaped flag that stretched in the wind! Brother, as a captain, you're too amateurish!

Although the navigator had appeared many times in the text, he would introduce him here.

— Navigator: A Hero with Reconnaissance Skills takes up a post. Navigator takes up position behind the observation platform. The entire ship shares the view. Navigator and Captain's Reconnaissance Skill skills complement each other. The observation platform has a sniper special skill.

— Snipe: There is a chance to deal 300% ranged damage to the target.

In other words, only when Da Fei squatted on the observation platform would his eyes truly become Katerina's eyes. The relationship between this post and the Captain was the same as the relationship between the first mate and the Captain. They were mutually supporting each other, with high-level coverage and low-level. As Da Fei was a God-level Reconnaissance Skill, any sub-hero with the Reconnaissance Skill could activate this post. Then, the entire ship would share Da Fei's vision of the God-level Reconnaissance Skill.

Now, Da Fei held onto the mast tightly and got into position with difficulty. Like a searchlight, the surroundings of the ship suddenly lit up, and the view of the entire ship was shared! Oh yeah!

At the end of the day, it was because he did not have enough manpower. It seemed like he would have to arrange for a Reconnaissance Skill hero in this position in the future. He had to recruit more people.

With Da Fei's illumination lamp, Katerina was able to dodge the huge waves with ease. Under the rain of blood, SV Fly's durability recovered faster. It had already broken through the 1,000 mark!

Da Fei hugged the mast and laughed at the sky. "Come on!"

The wind was howling and the sea of blood was churning. Da Fei's wild laughter resounded through the sea and sky.

• • •

Shen Dong Normal University. When the soldier brought Dawei out of the administrative office for the Spring Festival, he let out a long laugh.

The soldier patted Dawei's shoulder excitedly and repeatedly praised him. "You're really good! You're indeed an outstanding student from the school's well-known track and field team. If I were to do this, I would definitely be killed on the spot."

Dawei held a stack of documents with an extremely long title, "Request for Advice Report on the Establishment of Shen Dong Normal University E-Sports Club, as well as the purpose of the club activities…" and smiled shyly. "After all, I chose a class under him in my first year."

The soldier laughed. "The key is that a bronze medal appeared at the City Championship Competition that year and promoted him! That's why we were waiting for the day when he was on duty! Anyway, if our battle team is rich in the future, remember to give him the benefits. Don't forget."

Dawei coughed dryly and said, "This… I won't forget, but is there a need to make such a big fuss and let the teachers know about it? Isn't it enough for us students to have private activities? As long as it doesn't affect our lessons, we can do anything, right?"

The soldier let out a long sigh and said resentfully, "This is our business! A university student starting a business, do you understand? He agreed so readily. Maybe he thought we were playing on account of our relationship, but you can't treat it as playing! If he doesn't pull the tiger skin brand of our school, how are we going to recruit investors? How are we going to pull in advertisements? When the oil and water level is high enough and the school reacts, the first thing we will do is to give him benefits and let him support us! As long as we make the best use of our time to build the Chamber of Commerce in the game and make a name for ourselves in the game, it doesn't matter if we want him in the future. After all, we are only in school for a year."

Upon hearing that he was in school for a year, Dawei couldn't help but nod heavily.

The soldier laughed. "In short, the tiger skin is pulled over. Then, we'll think of a way to rent a server and hire a few experts to help us create a website. This is the mark of making it big and strong. Then, we'll lead the fashion trend and create various activities to select the Hero Rankings and Beauty Rankings! When the time comes, various teams will send money to us to request to be on the rankings, wahahaha!"

Dawei nodded. "I think we should find some computer science students to stay in school?"

The soldier said disdainfully, “Computer science? What else can they do other than playing games?” Then, he was stunned. “Alright! Computer science. It’s even better if they know how to play games. Let’s get them to be the first batch of members! If they can’t create websites, they should at least know people who can, right? Let’s go and find them in their dorms. They must be playing Hero.”

Dawei nodded. "What about the Kingdom War? Will it be delayed?"

The soldier immediately took out his phone to check the news. Then, he laughed. "Don't worry. The Dragon Slayer and the Japanese didn't move. We'll move out after the Rank 6 soldiers have exhausted their mana. In short, everyone is not stupid. They are all staring at the Rank 6 soldiers' mana. Haha!"

• • •

When Da Fei fought against the raging waves in the abyss's blood pool, the Kingdom War in the Pond of Light was also in full swing.

However, even more people were watching and waiting to see how the Elven Kingdom would deal with the overwhelming arachne reinforcements. This was definitely not an existence that the players could deal with. Only when the Elven Kingdom revealed their trump cards would that be the true moment of the decisive battle. The main force of the Dragon Slaying, the Japanese region, and the thousand-man professional players from the Star Destruction Star Cluster chose to hold back.

And for the allied forces of the United States and Indian Hell, the failure of besieging the Superhero just now had left a lingering shadow in their hearts. Of course, no one was willing to boost the enemy's morale and destroy their own prestige, so this battle at the edge of the Pond of Light, other than the people present and the commander behind them, no one else knew.

However, for the United States, failure was unacceptable. Even if the responsibility wasn't on the weak Infernal Branch, the appearance of Superheroes had indeed challenged the strategic layout of the Supernova team. Therefore, Supernova New York headquarters immediately gathered all the videos related to "Future Warrior Duffy" from the Los Angeles Branch and specialized in analyzing and responding.

The goal of the American Supernova Team was undoubtedly the New World. The New World was a huge world with an ocean area of 50%. At the same time, all the continents could be reached by sea routes. The strategic idea of establishing a powerful Naval Professional Player Team was the Supernova Team. In fact, the United States itself was a super Naval Power. The idea of forming a Naval was deeply embedded in every national consciousness.

England had the same ideology as well. Their national battle team was called the "Royal Ark", and they had pinned their hopes on the beautiful dream of the former Universal Empire. Speaking of nostalgia, the European Union's Spain, Portugal, and Dutch players were even more obvious. Not only did they play football well, but they also had a glorious era of great navigation. These players had also spontaneously mobilized their efforts to dominate the sea. However, they were few in number, and it seemed like the possibility of becoming pirates was very high. They had already been placed on the list of potential dangerous individuals by the Supernova team.

And now, there was no doubt that there was a new "Duffy" on the list of dangerous people on the Supernova team.

• • •

Light Pond, Lake Island. With a flash of light, new players were teleported down.

At this moment, the entire island of the lake was packed with ordinary players who were watching and waiting for the fighter planes. Although Starry's appeal was very strong and the front line was very hot-blooded, there were many rational players among the normal players.

These new players attracted the attention of the crowd.

Because the leading player's Blood Armor was very eye-catching, the three sub-heroes with blood-red halos and blood-red scimitars were even more eye-catching!

"Raging Sea of Blood! God-grade sea battle hero Raging Sea of Blood!" The entire crowd was shocked!

This is the feeling I want! They really know me! I have never appeared in the martial world. There are still legends about me in the martial world!

The crowd immediately stirred. "Tycoon, are you still arresting the liar Da Fei?"

"Tycoon, I heard that your studio has formed an alliance with Dragon Slayer. What are your plans?"

"Tycoon, let's be friends!"

You bunch of b * tches! Raging Sea of Blood waved his hand at the surrounding crowd and said calmly, "Our Blood Sea Studio is here to fight a national war. Our goal is to showcase the strength of our Blood Sea Studio in this national war. I hope that everyone can be the witnesses to our victory. I welcome everyone to follow us and take a look at what is professional about!"

The crowd was in an uproar, but no one moved. After all, even Xing Chen couldn’t move them. But it didn’t matter. They would use their battle achievements later.

The nouveau riches separated the crowd and squeezed to the shore. The Flower Goblin Shipwrights pushed a new ship over. Once the nouveau riches boarded the ship, their military strength was displayed.

"Pirate soldiers!" The entire island exploded again!

Raging Sea of Blood turned around and chuckled at the crowd. "I heard from the experts during the open beta testing that the combat power of the pirate soldiers on the sea is equivalent to that of a Level 6 soldier. I want to see if a Level 6 soldier like me or a Level 6 soldier is more powerful. Are you interested in watching the battle?"

"Look!" Some players who were waiting by the shore immediately went into the water and boarded the ship. If they did not dare to participate in the battle, could it be that they did not even dare to watch? This way, they would not have the chance to make friends with Tyrant Lord!

"Let's go together!" At once, the crowd responded and went into the water.

Raging Sea of Blood laughed out loud! There was no point in shouting at them, but it was very meaningful to be able to shout at people who could not even move the stars! The first step of this Godly Hero show was out! The second step was to gather everyone's attention and become the person who changed the direction of the war!