Chapter 145: You, Fight With Them

Raging Sea of Blood's activity activated the entire battlefield. Such an eye-catching performance naturally became a target that many countries had to kill. The Abyss Overlord players, who still had mana left, immediately focused their fire on Raging Sea of Blood! Dozens of large fireballs flew towards Raging Sea of Blood's light boat from different directions!

The entire regional channel was in an uproar!

Raging Sea of Blood laughed. This was the time to showcase the power of a God-level sea battle hero. Raging Sea of Blood waved his hand, and all the pirates on the ship jumped into the water!

— Boom, boom, boom, boom! Amidst the huge explosion of flames and the screams of the entire battlefield, Raging Sea of Blood's light boat turned into ashes.

At this moment, dozens of hooks shot out from the water and hung on the side of a nearby assault ship. The three familiar and burly Three Swordsmen flew out like water dragons, landing amidst the cheers of the crowd. Blood flashed as they raised their blades!

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood killed the European Union's Norwegian player Bebear. Bebear troops were defeated!

The entire venue was in an uproar!

Without the Hero's leadership, the remaining Rank 6 soldiers on the ship were no match for the Three Swordsmen. The Three Swordsmen and the pirates who boarded the ship immediately started killing these "wild monsters".

Another few dozen fireballs roared towards him! Amidst the cheers from the audience, Raging Sea of Blood's troops jumped into the water again! He wanted to prove that the fireballs could not kill him!

— Regional Channel < Raging Sea of Blood >: No one can stop me!

— World Channel < Raging Sea of Blood >: No one can stop me!

The entire battlefield was in an uproar again! The stalemate had opened up a gap because of the battle of the Godly Hero. This gap had a point effect, and the scales of war began to tilt!

At this moment.

— Regional Channel [Old Jiang]: Star Guild's main force, the Star Cluster. Attack!

— World Channel < Eternal Star >: Star Guild's main force, Star Cluster, attack!

In that instant, the entire world channel was flooded with messages like "Star Strike!" and "Our Expedition Star Sea!", and the entire world exploded.

Although Starry felt like he was being led by Raging Sea of Blood, and even though Starry was very unhappy about it, as a professional player, he had his battle tactics up his sleeve. This was the most suitable opportunity for him to attack. Furthermore, if Raging Sea of Blood suddenly said "charge with me" in the world, how could Starry face him?

So, working for Stars was allowed! It was also allowed to take advantage of Stars, but it was absolutely impossible to overshadow Stars. Stars did not give him this chance. The whole world was flooding the screen to add momentum to Stars' attack, and to drown out the noise made by others.

That's right. Raging Sea of Blood was slower by half a beat. No one could see him speaking in the world anymore. In front of the huge commotion created by Stars, all the players from all over the world turned their attention to them. His first show seemed to have become a supporting role for them? He was too unhappy. Raging Sea of Blood could not help but curse angrily.

• • •

The legendary main force of the Star Guild, the Chengdu Star Cluster, had moved! The crowd on the Lake of Light Island surged. Hundreds and thousands of World Tree leaves descended from the sky and transformed into light boats.

All the players on Lake Island cried out in surprise. In the Chengdu Star Cluster, Stars had formed an expert team to fight against the professional gamer alliance from all over the world. Currently, they had more than a thousand members. Only a few hundred of them were professional gamers, while the rest were civilian experts. After all, Stars could not afford to raise more than a thousand highly-paid professional gamers no matter how big their family or business was. These civilian experts were either students in school or internet cafes. They were filled with passion and enthusiasm to shed their youth and sweat on the stage of the national war. Most importantly, they wanted to become official members. In short, these youths were the easiest to fool.

A voice shouted, “Greetings, everyone! The Stars Guild has launched an all-out attack. Are you willing to join us? Are you willing to witness the glory of victory with the China server? What are you waiting for? Come!”

"Charge!" The normal players watching from the island moved.

Such a large scale world atmosphere was like a war drum that resounded throughout the world. Even the players who had a strong willpower could not control themselves. Their blood was boiling! Moreover, following the main force was the way for normal players to survive. It was not wrong to attack at this time.

At this time, the big soldier and Dawei in the crowd also moved out with a group of newly incorporated computer science geeks. Although following the main force was the way of survival for individual investors, if individual investors were too weak, they wouldn't be able to get much benefits. Now, the big soldier and Dawei's ten-man team were considered to have some strength. There was still hope for them to snatch people's heads.

• • •

Facing Stars and China's players, the Japanese players, who had been conserving their strength, had no choice but to move, even though following the other party's pace was a very unpleasant thing.

Compared to the Star Cluster, which was known as the Thousand Annihilation Star Cluster, which actually had a few hundred temporary workers, the Infernal Race, which was the main attacking force in Japan, had a thousand people. Their scale and quality were higher than that of the Star Cluster. In terms of disadvantages, the Infernal Race did not have long-range attacks.

The decisive battle began.

The main force of the stars surrounded the battlefield from the flanks. Facing such a large group, the coalition forces of hell from the various countries did not hold back. All sorts of large fireballs roared as they arrived. The entire underground sea was once again illuminated by the flames, and the shocking visual effect caused the world to be in an uproar!

Of course, the main force of the Stars displayed their professionalism that was different from that of ordinary players. In the midst of the flames, the shining healing light formed a golden light screen! Facing the main force that was truly fully equipped, the flashy yet useless magic like the Abyssal Fireball displayed its original mission, which was to consume the opponent's healing magic power!

— "All troops retreat!" The Japanese side shouted in the battlefield channel.

— "All troops retreat!" The Indian region immediately responded.

That’s right, following the enemy’s rhythm was a very foolish thing to do, especially when they realized that the enemy’s skill level was quite high. At this time, the smart choice was to retreat to the shore to recover their mana or see if they could find NPCs to replenish their forces. There was the protection of the magic watchtower on the shore, so they weren’t afraid of being pursued by the enemy. Moreover, with the arachne reinforcements, the advantage was obvious. There was no need to risk their lives against the China region.

As a result, all the demonic servants on the oars immediately turned around and steered the warship away from the battlefield towards the shore. That's right, the oars were pointed at both ends, so it was very convenient to reverse the boat. This made up for its ability to turn the boat around.

— Battlefield War Report: Faction of Hell defeated, morale -2! Guild of Light won, morale + 1!

The entire battlefield was in an uproar! Immediately, the entire country was cursing. This Japanese region was too wretched!

This sort of all-out attack felt like nothing but a horse riding movie! But no matter what, defeating the enemy was a temporary victory and was worth celebrating. As a result, the entire world channel was flooded with messages.

As Raging Sea of Blood, the people did not forget him. As he received the prisoners of war, he waved to the players. At the same time, all kinds of invitations and messages from Ninth Heaven flooded in.

In this battle, Raging Sea of Blood became famous. This battle established his status as a world-class Godly Hero.

However, Raging Sea of Blood was very conflicted. He had already become such a famous person. How could he continue to be a pirate and rob players in the future? Could he really become a righteous bandit like Onepeace Luffy?

• • •

Camp Hell, the multinational forces retreated back to shore.

While the leaders of the various countries rushed over to see if they could get reinforcements from Serene, the flaming Serene was berating Deirdre, who was curled up into a ball. Shocked, the Indian Region’s China Region rushed forward to take a look.

“Speak! Why did the ballista explode? Why did it explode?”

Deirdre said in horror, "Mentor, I, I don't know. This is me. I stole it from a human * * * master!"

Cyriel shouted angrily, "Then do you know what mistake you've committed? Dirib is a Grand Overseer, a few levels higher than me! She can definitely execute you, a mere banshee, for the crime of assassination!"

Deirdre was completely dumbfounded!

Amir Khan from India and Lei Huolong, the number one person in China, stepped forward in shock and said, "Sir, let's talk nicely!" "Sir, please let me bear her crimes!"

Hillier’s Flaming Eagle roared angrily, “You bunch of trash! You still have the face to come back!!!” His roar resounded throughout the entire camp, and for a moment, the heads of the various countries cowered in fear. This… Don’t piss him off, he’ll be stopped by this NPC!

At this moment, Hillier came before the leaders of the various countries and said coldly, "First of all, I have bad news. Your original mission failed to guard the Abyssal Blood Pool!"

"Failed?" All the countries were shocked! They did not receive the system prompt?

Cyriel said solemnly, "Letting the sacred blood pool of the abyss be tainted by the corpses of the alien races is a failure! Although it's not your fault, it doesn't stop the decision makers from venting their anger on you. And you failed again!"

In other words, the Superhero invasion failed? All the countries who knew the inside story could not help but heave a sigh of relief. However, how could the players be the ones in trouble? Of course it's you, the official! Your situation is the most delicate!

Hence, when Fifty Shades of Thunder saw the situation, he immediately said, "Sir, we can't fail anymore! We don't have enough troops, we need reinforcements!"

In the Indian region, Nehru also understood and said, "That's right, my lord. We need to replenish the lost troops. As long as we work harder, we will definitely be able to destroy the World Tree!"

For a moment, the leaders of the various countries requested for more troops. This was a good opportunity to take down the NPCs. They were all pro players and wouldn't let go of this opportunity.

With an apathetic look on her face, she turned to Deirdre and said, "You, fight with them!"

Deirdre was shocked. “Ah!”

The Thunder Fire Dragon was shocked! The Indian players roared!

"I can only protect you if you make contributions. Otherwise, I'll behead you and send you to her to apologize even if Dirib doesn't pursue the matter!"

Holy shit!