Chapter 140: Abyssal Blood Pool Storm Baptism

Junwen

The loud roar in the sky woke Da Fei up from his shock. He looked up and saw that the group of demonic dragons had spat out more than ten streams of green liquid into the blood mist. The green liquid exploded, and the blood mist instantly turned into green mist!

Da Fei was so shocked that his jaw dropped to the ground! I can't even cover such a large area of blood mist! Fortunately, I managed to escape in time. Otherwise, it would have been all over! Da Fei hurriedly switched to the Spirit Eagle's perspective. At this moment, the Spirit Eagle had also flown to the center of the rolling lake surrounded by the dam. There were more than ten Demon Dragons guarding the high platform of the dam. This was not an existence that could be resisted by force. Other than teleporting once, there was no other way!

Da Fei decisively reported the coordinates. "Entrance coordinates (4391531, 3441641, 0)!"

Anwen roared, “Rise!”

The teleportation circle flashed with white light, and the entire SV Fly erupted with dazzling white light again!

— System Message: Stealth Sailing skill has failed!

It appeared! At this moment, the sky roared in unison again. Seeing more than ten buckets of thick green liquid pouring down on him, Da Fei's heart was in his throat! And at this extremely urgent moment, the scene changed with a flash of light. Oh yeah!

Boom! Boom! With a loud sound, SV Fly crashed heavily into the water once again, stirring up huge waves. The scene of the surrounding dam flashed past, and the black scene in front of them changed again! The teleportation was successful!

— System Message: You found the Abyssal Blood Pool.

We're here! Da Fei looked around in joy! A huge blood moon illuminated the sky. The thick blood sea emitted a bloody mist. This was the destination of his trip, the Abyss Blood Pool!

Dangerous, too dangerous! Awesome, this brother is too awesome! Wahahaha! Anwen was also laughing excitedly.

Da Fei had held back too many questions just now, but now he could finally ask, “Ms. Anwen, how did you successfully assemble the skills?”

As if waiting for Da Fei to ask such a cooperative question, Anwen smiled proudly. “In theory, the implementation of Stealth Sailing requires a divine-level Reconnaissance Skill, a divine-level Arcana Technique, a divine-level Nautical Skill, and special skills of the ship itself. However, the characteristics of the pirates have always been exaggerated. Let’s not talk about whether or not such harsh conditions are necessary. Judging from the current conditions, we have three conditions that are unsatisfactory, but even if we can’t meet the requirements for the combination, as long as we get close to it, the effect will be infinitely close.”

Dafei nodded.

Anwen said with a smile, “This time, I borrowed the power of the Goddess of the Forest and Miss Katarina went all out as well. However, this isn’t enough. According to the theory of chains, the weakest link determines the strength of the chains, and our weakest link is the ship. It won’t be easy to conceal such a large ship, so we’ll have to use some tricks to conceal ourselves. The Mist Technique is an important trick.”

Da Fei said in surprise, "Concealment? Magic?"

Anwen shook his head with a smile. “No! It’s a trick used by circus acrobats. They will use exaggerated movements to draw the audience’s attention to a single point, and then the audience will ignore their casual movements. Those small movements are often the key to success! Even the greatest mages will fall into their trap once they’re misled by their performance, because trickery isn’t a spell. The mist is my trick. When the other party is completely focused on finding their target, they will subconsciously ignore what’s happening at the edge of the mist. What we’re fighting for is this opening!”

Da Fei was enlightened. "So that's how the Mist Spell works!"

Anwen said with a smile, “That’s right, the Illusionary Legion is the skill required to assemble Stealth Sailing. Only the Illusionary Legion can transform a warship, but without the visual effects of the mist spell, this illusion would appear too abrupt and impossible to succeed. That’s why the legendary Specter Ship is always shrouded in mist before it appears. In short, great wisdom and small tricks have made it famous for the Pirate King’s divine arts!”

Dafei exclaimed, "I see, I see!"

Katerina, who was on the driver’s seat, couldn’t help but shout excitedly, “Ms. Anwen is too amazing. I thought all divine skills were required!”

Anwen sighed. “If I’m really at the divine level, I’ll be able to do whatever I want without any restrictions. The power of my skills at that time can be imagined. Who would’ve thought I’d be able to comprehend a divine art at my twilight years and touch upon the threshold of the divine level? I can die without regrets now.”

Da Fei was stunned! That's right. This old lady joined the mission at the last minute. Once the mission was over, she would go back and spend the rest of her life there. Who knows, she might just die. It wasn't easy for him to comprehend this Godly Skill, but wouldn't he have no successors? Wasn't this a pain in the ass? Was he going to train Serbia into a Grandmaster Arcanist? This was the only way. Sigh, the road ahead was long.

Anwen chuckled. “Alright, we’ve reached the Abyssal Blood Pool. Let’s go all out to find the demon race’s hive and destroy her!”

Da Fei came back to his senses and nodded. "Oh, okay!"

The blood pool in the abyss was vast, and there was a foul wind blowing. Very good, the problem of the wind has been solved. Then, I'll set sail and destroy whatever I encounter. I don't believe that anyone can be my match in such a restricted space. I'm going to step on the Devil's Kindergarten, wahahaha!

Sheogh Demon King's Palace, Demon King's Throne in the Lava Lake.

The Demon King's roar set off a huge wave of lava. "Trash! A bunch of trash! You actually allowed the enemy's hero to enter the Abyss Blood Pool! Your death is not enough to atone for your sins!"

The group of black-robed figures knelt on the ground while trembling with fear. "Your Majesty, there's still a way! We can initiate the baptism ceremony of the abyssal blood pool in advance. Not only can we select powerful infants to replenish our losses in this battle, but we can also borrow the power of the storm to destroy the incoming enemy ships!"

The Demon King snorted. "Permission granted! Prepare the Demon God's Prayer Ceremony with all your might! This must be the grandest and most prestigious baptism in history!"

“Yes, Your Majesty, rest assured!” The black robed figures retreated at full speed.

The baptism of the Abyssal Blood Pool was a ritual unique to the Devil Race of Hell. The Devil God would create a Blood Sea Storm filled with the power of the Devil God in the Abyss Blood Pool. All the infants that could survive the storm would become the elites of the Devil Race, and most of the infants would die under the destruction of the storm. It was precisely because the advantages and disadvantages of this ritual were obvious that it was implemented every 100 years. And this time, because of the invasion of Superheroes, the Devil Race held the ceremony in advance.

At this time, the blood pool in the abyss was getting bigger. Thick red clouds were gathering in the sky, slowly covering the giant blood moon in the sky. Waves of blood were rolling on the surface of the sea. This was not right.

Katerina exclaimed, "A storm is coming!"

Da Fei's jaw dropped!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']