Chapter 149: The Farce Of Internal Strife

The Pond of Light, the start of the Kingdom War!

Countless rank 0 soldier bees on the top of the World Tree let out earth-shattering buzzing sounds as they descended. They engaged in a life and death battle with the arachne army entrenched on the ground. Countless soldier bees died while struggling in the spider web, and a large number of arachne were turned into smoke by falling into the lake of light.

In fact, the soldier bees were neutral creatures. Just like the draining beetles that Da Fei encountered at the beginning, strictly speaking, they could not even be considered as soldiers because they did not have intelligence. Creatures without intelligence could not be led by heroes just like ballista turrets. The Elven Kingdom could not nurture a large number of soldier bees like the Flower Goblin. Therefore, the soldiers bees for this decisive battle were the old books accumulated by the Elven Kingdom over many years.

Rank 0 soldiers were extremely special existences. If they were used well, they would be heaven-defying trump cards, and if they weren’t, they would just be cannon fodder delivered to their doorstep. Meanwhile, the soldier bees might not be the arachne’s match, but apart from the soldier bees, the Elven Kingdom truly couldn’t come up with an effective method to counter the arachne.

The battle between the NPCs on the ground was in full swing. The battle on the surface of the pool of light was also in full swing. Flames soared into the sky.

The entertainment media from all over the world focused their attention on this decisive battle. This was the first national war since the opening of the game server. It was also the first national war that was extremely troublesome. One of the two sides was the overlord of the plains, while the other was the overlord of the jungle. However, they had started a showdown in an unfamiliar water battle.

For countries that aspired to do something on the surface of the water, this battle was, of course, a very important exercise textbook. For example, club teams from the United States, United States, and Western Lot were paying close attention to the battlefield, and the United States was paying attention to at least 100 areas on the battlefield.

Now, the allied forces of Hell had a powerful Neutral Rank 4 long-range fire element. The Elves were proud of their Rank 2 and 3 long-range fire element, but they were suppressed by the entire frontline. The advantage was obvious!

Meanwhile, Star's strategy was to gather the strength of the entire nation to fight to the death. Even if their troops were suppressed, they had to fight to the death. After all, the fire element's attack speed was the greatest weakness, and it was not impossible to fight. For a time, all sorts of "hot-blooded!" "Rise!" "Fight to the death" slogans kept flooding the world channel.

At the back of the infernal battlefield, a huge oar boat that was clearly a block higher than the starboard of the other huge oar ships was surrounded by a group of Indian Chinese players.

That's right, this was called a choke point! As long as the female hero was stuck at the back and could not go onto the battlefield, there was no need to worry about her safety. As for the battle ahead, there was no need to worry at all. There was also a Rank 4 fire-element long-range attack, and a Rank 6 Abyssal Lord to set off firecrackers and engage in melee combat. If they could not even win, then the Japanese region could break their stomachs to thank the world.

At this moment, the Chinese and Indian players were staring at each other.

Lei Huolong looked at the time and decided to put on a show. He challenged Amir Khan, who had been staring at him, "I heard that Bollywood's song and dance conquers the world? I don't believe it!" Then, he clapped his hands, and a few Chinese players jumped out and did a street dance.

India likes to compete with China in every field, so dealing with Assan is easy.

As expected, the Indian players booed! Amir Khan said disdainfully, "You Chinese don't even have your own dance! What else do you know other than Korean dancing? I'll show you what it means to be a nation!" Then he clapped his hands and the group of third brothers immediately jumped out!

"Music!" The game's sound effect sounded. "— It's so cold ah ah ah ah ah! Northeast Midwinter Midwinter Midwinter Midwinter Midwinter! I'll go Northeast to play mud!"

All the Chinese players were stunned! The first move he made was the infinitely compatible Indian song, "Mud in the Northeast"! How ferocious was Third Brother!

As the music started, the other boats’third brothers also started to dance in agreement. The classic Bollywood group song and dance appeared again! All the Chinese players were shocked speechless!

Lei Huolong let out a long sigh and lowered his head to look at the time in shame. Then, he saw a huge oar boat slowly approaching from afar. He laughed in his heart. It's about time. I want to tell you that singing and dancing can conquer my heart, but it can't conquer the world!

Just as the Indian players were jumping happily, there was a splashing sound from the ship. The figures of the three chiefs jumped onto the stage of the battleship like dragons from the sea! All three brothers turned their heads in shock.

The saber flashed. "We are the Rocket Squad that travels on the sea!"

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood killed Indian player Bahadur. Bahadur's troops were defeated!

The blade flashed again. "We are the most charming villains in history!"

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood killed Indian player Sanjay. Sanjay's troops were defeated!

The blade flashed. "The white tomorrow is waiting for us!"

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood killed Indian player Amir Khan. Amir Khan's troops were defeated!

"Fight! Let's go!" With a loud splash, the Three Swordsmen, who had been killed in the blink of an eye, jumped into the water again amidst the music.

"Wah!!!" Everyone was shocked!

At the same time, the three rows of information that appeared on the battlefield channel in an instant also shook the entire battlefield and all the media in the world that was paying attention to the battlefield! Beheading three players at the same time, how did this Godly Hero of the China server do it? Perhaps after knowing the truth, one would not know whether to laugh or cry, but now, it was undoubtedly a shocking feat!

At this moment, the Chinese players on the periphery and the Chinese players mixed in with the inner circle immediately rowed their boats to crash into the warships in the Indian region. Three of the warships in the Indian region were defeated and lost control. The previously tight formation was finally torn apart by the Chinese players. For a moment, the ships on both sides intertwined with each other and shook violently, losing their balance. The Chinese players' plot was clear!

"Despicable Chinese!" The Indian players scolded angrily!

"Let go of that heroine. We are still friendly neighbors!" Lei Huolong scolded angrily!

"Stop dreaming!"

"Then die!"

With another splash, the Three Swordsmen jumped out of the water and boarded the ship again! To pirates, the shock of a ship at this level was nothing compared to the waves in the sea. Therefore, even if ground troops of the same attribute met pirates on the sea, they would not be able to defeat them!

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood killed Indian player Trippa. Trippa's troops were defeated!

Under the cover of the Dragon Slaying, Raging Sea of Blood jumped up and down, killing the players in the Indian Region. The entire battlefield was once again ignited by Raging Sea of Blood! With a God-level sea battle hero, what was there to be afraid of?

Now, all eyes in the world were focused on the farce at the back. The command centers of the allied forces of hell obviously knew what was going on. When the Chinese participated, this war was destined to be a farce from the beginning! This farce had been playing out since the Ancient Tree Space. This war should not have come at all! However, even if it was vague, there was no point in talking about it! They could only take advantage of the current advantage and take down the Chinese elves in one go.

As for the Indian command center, they were so angry that they smashed the tables and chairs. Nehru even smashed the phone that Ma Yinglong could not get through!

Now, the Indian server had no choice but to make a painful decision. They had to give up on protecting the heroine. All the ships retreated, but how could the Dragon Slayer let them retreat? More and more Chinese players surrounded them—that's right! The Dragon Slayer was a man of his word. That would be the magnificent feat of Raging Sea of Blood fighting against an entire country!

Now, there was only one way out for the Indian region. They had to take the initiative to challenge the Chinese region! Internal strife had begun!

The world was in an uproar! Although everyone knew that this was a farce, they did not expect it to reach this stage!

"Kill the Red Name!!!" All the players in the China region seemed to have been injected with stimulants as all kinds of Abyssal Fireballs flew everywhere! At that moment, the most exciting battle was being played at the end of the battlefield! Compared to this farce, Stars' pessimism was really too weak!

That's right, Ma Yinglong could always play a good game with his lousy cards. This was the reason why he, as the president of the Three Great Guilds of China, had always led the Dragon-slaying team to stand tall!

Just as the Dragon Slayer Command Headquarters was filled with laughter—Boom! Boom! A deep sound of cannon fire rang out! A white light rose from the water.

— Battlefield News: Hell Camp NPC hero Deirdre killed the Chinese server player Raging Sea of Blood!

The entire battlefield channel fell into dead silence! This line of information stayed in front of the world's players for a few seconds before it was instantly flooded by countless numbers of messages!

The Godly Hero died just like that? It was really hard to accept. The Dragon Slayer Guild didn't know whether to laugh or cry. There was nothing they could do about it. They could set up a trap on the players' level, but they couldn't control the NPCs! It was a pity that once the Hero died, the dozens of pirate soldiers he brought with him would be ruined.

At this moment, Deirdre’s battleship moved. The PvP battle earlier had caused a hole in her formation. As an NPC who had accepted her mission, she resolutely joined the battle!

This shocked the Thunder Fire Dragon so much that Ma Yinglong's jaw dropped!

“Follow! Follow!”