Chapter 142: Resurrection Of Sv Fly

The storm arrived instantly!

The winds of the Demon World were like the roars of ancient beasts, and the waves of the sea of blood were as majestic as city walls! Da Fei and Katerina were stunned on the spot as they looked at the huge blood-colored wall that was sweeping towards them!

Are you kidding me? This is a tsunami! If the Surface World had such a storm, it would be a world-destroying flood, right? This mission is going to kill me!

Katerina immediately came back to her senses. She shouted at the experienced gunner on duty on the deck, "Raise the sails and avoid the waves!" These navy members had been transferred from the gun cabin to the front line by Katerina. Their attributes were the strongest, and only they could hold the front line on the deck.

Da Fei's heart sank. How brave was it to raise a sail in the storm! But was there a choice?

The sail rose, and the entire SV Fly shook violently. SV Fly shot out like an arrow! Da Fei could not imagine that a ship could be so fast!

— System Message: The second level of SV Fly's mast is broken. Please repair it immediately. SV Fly's durability -46!

— System Message: The first level of SV Fly's main mast is broken. Please repair it immediately. SV Fly's durability -67!

Da Fei's heart tightened! As expected, the speed was too fast for the hull to withstand? However, he could not think too much about it. He shouted, "Repair the ship!"

Immediately there was the sound of tinkling and banging on the bottom of the cabin.

— System Message: You fought against the storm, EXP + 5800!

5,800 EXP! The previous storm was only 1,500 EXP, which meant that the power of this storm was four times stronger than the previous one? Which player could withstand it!

With a loud boom, the huge wave crashed down. SV Fly, which had barely escaped death, broke free from the water surface and flew into the air under the impact of the huge wave! Da Fei's feet suddenly felt light. Then, he screamed together with Katerina! I'm sure I'm not a spaceship!

— Boom!!! SV Fly landed on the ground! Da Fei crashed into the pilot's seat. -36! His life was gone!

— System Message: A large crack has appeared in the bottom cabin of SV Fly. Please drain water to reinforce the crack! SV Fly's durability -113!

Oh god! Are you kidding me? It's only been a few seconds and 200 durability is gone! Hurry up and fix it!

At this moment, another Blood Wall Wave came from the side. Da Fei shouted, "Be careful!"

Katerina suddenly turned the steering wheel and shouted, “Magic Raise sails!”

Boom! With the acceleration of the Magic Sail, SV Fly escaped once again and flew in the wind again! At the same time, the hull of the ship emitted a loud creaking sound in the air again. Another row of system notifications appeared on the broken hull! After landing, there were all kinds of rumbling sounds again! Da Fei was already scared out of his wits.

Every wave was a disaster, and Katerina controlled SV Fly to dodge left and right with determination and familiarity. Even so, the durability of SV Fly continued to decrease under the violent tremors. The sailors in the bottom cabin were knocked dizzy. There was no time to complete the repair! This was not giving Brother a chance to repair the ship!

After another wave, SV Fly's durability was less than 200!

— System Message: Warning! Warning! SV Fly's durability is seriously lower than the warning line. It can disintegrate and sink at any time!

It's over, it's over!

Da Fei closed his eyes and let out a long sigh! God is playing me to death! Perhaps, I should really stay in the Pool of Light and cooperate with other players to win the Kingdom War and purify the Pool of Light. At that time, SV Fly would absorb the so-called life force and revive completely. Its durability would be combined with my team's high-end Nautical Skill. Why would I be afraid of a mere storm?

Sigh, I've played too much. However, I have no regrets in my life! Goodbye, my Didi. Goodbye, my Lili. One day, if I can build another Banshee Camp, I will definitely continue to train two Boss-level Banshee. Their names will still be Didi and Lili.

‘ Goodbye, brother’s Dierdre. I hope we are not enemies the next time we meet.’

Goodbye, old lady Anwen. I might never see you again after failing this mission. It’s just a pity that I won’t be able to learn divine skills or magic coordination from you. But thank you for teaching me so many things. I know the other two ways to become a grandmaster. I’ll definitely become a grandmaster and laugh at the top of the world.

Goodbye, Abyssal Blood Pool. If there is a chance in the future, I will definitely rush in with my God-grade skills and beat up the little kid!

As he closed his eyes, Katerina shouted in surprise, "SV Fly has automatically recovered!"

Da Fei was stunned. He opened his eyes and saw a row of system notifications!

— System Message: SV Fly absorbed Blood Sea Storm Essence, Durability + 37!

— System Message: SV Fly absorbed Blood Sea Storm Essence, Durability + 45!

• • •

— System Message: SV Fly absorbed Blood Sea Storm Essence, Durability + 36!

Da Fei was stunned! The ship was regenerating its health? The ship was regenerating its health! It was not built by a sailor. The system prompt message used the word "absorb"! Why did it absorb? Why did the ship regenerate its health? It was a good regeneration! Wahahaha! Da Fei, who had survived the desperate situation, laughed wildly and hurriedly opened SV Fly's attributes:

Ship Name: SV Fly

Ship Level: 0

Captain: Da Fei

Ship Special Skill: God's Blessing (Seaman's Luck + 2)

Ship Model: Large four-masted three-story high-speed sailing ship.

Ship cargo capacity: 500 units

Ship Cannon Cabin: 32 turrets. (16 port left, 16 port right)

Ship usage time: 10 years

Ships with minimum crew capacity: 30

Ship durability: 316 / 316

Ship Speed: 10

Ship Armor Defense: Left port 80, right port 80, bow 55, stern 46.

Ship Room Production: Pilot Room 1, Captain Room 1, Adjutant Room 6, Staff Room 1, Account Room 1, Treatment Room 2, Kitchen Room 1, Special Room 1, Entertainment Room 1, Seaman Dormitory 2 (200 members)

Ship Supplementary Equipment: White Shark Head Portrait, Space Teleportation Portal, Wind Energy Magic Sails, four landing craft.

Sea God Insurance Level: 0 (The ship is not protected by the Sea God. If anything happens, it will sink forever)

Ship's current status: Recovery of Blood, Cursed by Bad Luck (Sears' Luck -3), damaged main mast, damaged bottom of the ship…

"Ship level 0! Ship's current state, Blood Recovery!" Looking at the sudden appearance of two additional attributes and the increasing durability of the ship, Da Fei was stunned!

— Blood Recovery: SV Fly is a ship with spirituality after receiving the God's Blessing, Devil's Curse. In the current storm filled with the power of Demon Gods, at the critical moment, it awakened its survival instincts and obtained life, continuously absorbing the life force in the storm to replenish itself.

It's alive! It's really alive! Da Fei was so excited that his whole body trembled and tears streamed down his face!

That's right. Oseriman had said before that all trees had a spirit! At that time, the elf foreman on the dock had also said that this ship had life. If it had life, then there would be ranks!

In other words, the abyssal blood pool was actually an existence similar to the pool of light? Even if the ship did not absorb life force in the pool of light to repair itself, it could still absorb the Demon God Storm's energy to repair itself in the abyssal blood pool?

Da Fei, who had figured it out, let out a long laugh. This is the light shining from the east! Who cares what you're sucking! As long as it can be fixed! Try your best to suck as much as you can! Don't be polite to me! I don't care if you're a ship of light or a Devil's ship! God won't kill me, wahahaha!