Chapter 147: Harvest Of The Storm Baptism

Abyssal Blood Pool.

Under the guidance of Da Fei's searchlight, SV Fly engaged in a life-and-death battle with the storm. Although Katerina skillfully steered the ship nimbly and evaded the huge wave of destruction time again, and although the resurrected SV Fly continuously recovered its durability, in the face of this huge wave, our tolerance level was zero. No mistakes were allowed. The situation was still very serious.

Another huge wave sent SV Fly into the sky. Da Fei hugged the mast tightly again.

Boom! SV Fly crashed into Lang Valley!

— System Message: You fought against the storm, EXP + 10,800!

— System Message: There is a serious rupture on the left side of SV Fly. Durability -241! Please repair immediately!

— System Message: Three of your Forest Hunters have died!

— System Message: 18 Flower Goblin troops have died!

Da Fei was shocked. Dead soldiers! With such a violent jolt, the soldiers in the cabin were not wearing any safety belts. It was not strange that they were dead! His blood was not full yet!

Da Fei hurriedly checked the condition of the troops and realized that both Serbia and the Forest Goddess had no mana left! They were the ones who held up the soldiers who had not died just now, but now they were obviously unable to hold on! The impact just now had caused the troops to lose a lot of health! (Note: Druids can revive high-level lifeforms, but they were covered by the light of lightning and did not have the chance to use this skill.)

Another huge wave came!

— System Message: You have killed one Druid unit!

— System Message: Nine of your Forest Hunters have died!

— System Message: 82 Flower Goblin troops have died!

As expected, the sudden increase in casualties broke Da Fei's heart. Not only did more troops die, but the wounded soldiers also became more seriously injured. It was not impossible for them to be completely wiped out after a few more trips! When would this storm end? How could Serbia recover their mana safely in such a violent and bumpy state? At this rate, even God could not revive them after the night!

The wind was roaring, the waves were surging, the ship was shaking, Da Fei was gritting his teeth!

Without treatment, in less than five minutes, 600 Flower Demons had died! 50 Forest Hunters! Even the Forest Goddess had lost five without treatment! More than half of the troops had been killed! The entire army was about to be wiped out!

Da Fei's eyes were tearing up, and his heart was bleeding! As a warrior, if he died on the battlefield, it would be worth it. If the ship sank, he would die with nothing to say. In the end, the ship grew stronger, and the soldiers would indeed die from the collision! What was this? Alright, this was the price of fighting against the heavens. Their deaths were glorious! As long as his gunner navy members were still around, he could still complete the mission!

SV Fly's vision suddenly narrowed.

— System Message: Your stamina has dropped below the cordon. Please replenish your stamina. Otherwise, you will not be able to function normally on the observation platform!

Da Fei immediately took out a bottle of fruit wine and drank it in one gulp! Heavens, it's not that easy to go against! At this moment.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, has used the Great Revival Spell. 118 Flower Goblin troops have been revived! The revived Flower Goblin troops are in a weak state.

Da Fei's spirits were lifted and he was delighted! Good! Revival is good! You are indeed my little sweetheart. All the best! I will immediately bring out the fully healed soldiers from the dorm and let the Weak Flower Goblin take over!

Suddenly, Da Fei was stunned! That's not right! I saw her Revival Spell when I was killing the bugs. Why did she only revive so little?

The formula of Master's Resurrection Skill was 100 + 30x magic power. Serbia had 10 points of magic power, plus the Sacrificial Robe + 5 magic power, which meant a total revival of 550 health points. The Flower Goblin had 2 basic life points, so it should revive 275! With the 25% increase in her nun profession and the 30% increase in the effect of light magic from the Holy Song of the Sea, it shouldn't be just this much revival, right?

Why did this happen? Was the light energy of the Demon Territory suppressed here? Or was the ship shaking too much, and Serbia was not in good condition? Da Fei sighed and shook his head. It was good enough that he could revive. What could he do even if he thought so much? He could only hold his position.

• • •

The storm continued. The sailors were shouting, SV Fly was growing, and Da Fei's experience in fighting kept increasing. A few minutes later, other than the Weakened Soldiers who entered the dormitory, the rest of the troops were annihilated as expected! If he had known earlier, why would he have replaced the soldiers in the dormitory? Da Fei looked up and sighed!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia used Master-level Revival Spell, reviving 118 Flower Goblins! The revived Flower Goblins are in a weak state.

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia obtained information about Grandmaster Meditation.

— System Message: SV Fly absorbed Blood Sea Storm Essence, Durability + 37.

Da Fei was shocked! Resurrection again? How long had it been? She obtained information about the Grandmaster Meditation Spell? The requirement for releasing a Master-level Resurrection Spell was 100 mana points. Did that mean she recovered 100 mana points in just a few minutes?

Why was it so fast?! With such a fast recovery speed, it could be a Grandmaster level meditation technique!?

Looking at the words "Blood Sea Storm Essence" on the system notification, Da Fei suddenly remembered the introduction of Blood Recovery when SV Fly revived. This storm was a Divine Power Storm!

Da Fei was enlightened! There had to be something wrong with this storm! The reason why Serbia's Revival Skill was not at its normal level was definitely because of its suppression, and the reason why it could quickly recover its mana! Reason? The Demon Realm did not lack mana the most. The wind of the Demon Realm definitely had great mana!

In other words, the Grandmaster-level insight of Serbia was the same as the God-level Reconnaissance Skill. It was the effect of reaching the Grandmaster level first, finding the feeling of the Grandmaster level, and then comprehending it in reverse! This was actually the same logic as Katerina just comprehending the Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill!

Da Fei, who had figured it out, laughed out loud! So that's it! What a storm! What a storm! As long as he could let Serbia advance to the Grandmaster level and learn the Old Madam's divine skill, Mana Coordination, even if all the soldiers on the ship died, even if he failed this mission, it would be worth it!

The wind was still roaring, the waves were still rolling, and the lightning was still rumbling. However, in Da Fei's heart, this became the most moving rock song! The most explosive song and dance! The most dazzling light! Come on! Let the storm come stronger. Let my little baby keep sending out messages! This is my heaven-defying stage! Haha! Wahahaha!

• • •

The rain of blood stopped, the violent winds gradually stopped, and the thick clouds dispersed. Amidst the endless resurrection of dead soldiers, the blood sea that had been rampant for a long time

The storm had finally come to an end. The crimson blood moon illuminated the sky, and a faint bloody mist emitted from the sea of blood.

The sound of nature that Da Fei had been looking forward to for a long time was broadcasted!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have experienced the test of the Godly Storm and have comprehended Advanced Voyager!

— Advanced Voyager: The speed of Hero's ship increases by an additional 30% at sea. The effect is superimposed with Nautical Skill. Hero receives an additional free attribute point reward for every 3 levels. Hero's sub-hero gain 300 EXP daily at sea.

— System Message: You have received 3 Free Attribute Points from the Advanced Voyager. (Note: Da Fei should receive 10 bonus points at Level 30. Intermediate has received 7 bonus points. Now compensate 3 points.)

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has learned Grandmaster Meditation!

— System Message: Your first mate, Katerina, obtained information about the Divine-level Nautical Skill.

— System Message: Your first mate Katerina obtained information on Grandmaster-level pirates.

— System Message: Your SV Fly has leveled up to Level 1! You have obtained the special skill "Boat of Bad Luck"!

I've understood it! Serbia has really comprehended the Guru-level meditation technique! She even gave me a high-level navigator for free! She gave Katerina two pieces of advanced information for free! Haha! Wahahaha! God, thank you!

Of course, Serbia was very busy now. He had to hurry up and revive the troops and not find her to celebrate. He wanted to see what was going on with this Rank 1 Boat of Bad Luck SV Fly!

Ship Name: SV Fly

Ship Level: 1

Captain: Da Fei

Ship Special Skill: God's Blessing (Sailor's Luck + 2), Boat of Bad Luck (Enemy's Luck -3)

Ship Model: Large four-masted three-story high-speed sailing ship.

Ship cargo capacity: 500 units

Ship Cannon Cabin: 32 turrets. (16 port left, 16 port right)

Ship usage time: 10 years

Ships with minimum crew capacity: 30

Ship Durability: 2316 / 2316

Ship Speed: 10

Ship Armor Defense: Left port 120, right port 120, bow 95, stern 96.

Ship Room Production: Pilot Room 1, Captain Room 1, Adjutant Room 6, Staff Room 1, Account Room 1, Treatment Room 2, Kitchen Room 1, Special Room 1, Entertainment Room 1, Seaman Dormitory 2 (200 members)

Ship Supplementary Equipment: White Shark Head Portrait, Space Teleportation Portal, Wind Energy Magic Sails, four landing craft.

Sea God Insurance Level: 0 (The ship is not protected by the Sea God. If anything happens, it will sink forever)

Ship's current status: Main mast damaged, bottom damaged.

• • •

Looking at the "Cursed by Bad Luck -3 Effect" that had been in his current state suddenly transforming into a "special skill" that could also be effective on enemies, Da Fei was stunned for the first time!