Chapter 146: The Final Battle In The Pond Of Light Begins

Send a level 5 trial hero onto the battlefield! This angry officer's order shocked the players in the Indian server! Of course, it also shocked the high-level Dragon Slayer.

The world of demons was just that cold! Deirdre had no choice but to obey. She was afraid of death, but not to the point where her face turned pale. After all, she had gone through countless battles since she was a soldier. Every time, she had luckily survived. What about this time?

Deirdre quickly said, "I will definitely make up for my mistakes. I just hope to command the appropriate soldiers and ballistae that I can use."

Cyriel waved her hand. "Of course, I know what kind of soldiers are suitable. I'll also have the construction site install a cannon position for your warships!" Then, she said to the players, "You don't have much time left. I hope you can use your battle merits to appease the Demon King! Come over!"

There were soldiers! Other than the depressed Indian region, the other countries were celebrating.

Hillel led a large group of players to the Lava Lake behind the construction site. As a Fire Demon, he was extremely friendly to the Lava, and he strolled on the Lava as if he was taking a stroll. He came to the center of the lake and started to cast spells. Needless to say, he must be a soldier that summoned Fire Demons, and Fire Demons usually had the ability to throw flames. In this way, they could compete with the level 2 and 3 Elven Kingdom troops. For a time, players from all over the world were waiting to see.

At this moment, the Dragon Slaying higher-ups were not idle either.

The Dragon Slayer, who had been hesitating, finally had a goal—to protect and snatch this Banshee Hero! For ordinary players, there were only two ways to make a name for themselves: One, work hard to challenge the Extreme Difficulty Mission, level up a new specialty. Two, hire a top-grade sub-hero. The first one was obviously unrealistic. The second one was more reliable. To the weak Dragon Slayer of the Hell race, the value of a top-grade sub-hero was equivalent to the Hero Inheritance that Da Fei sold.

As for Dierdre's original attributes, how could her professional skills be considered top-notch? To be able to make the entire Indian region fall for her, she could definitely be considered a beauty that could topple countries. The Dragon Slayer would definitely not sit back and watch his country's hero be stolen by a foreign country.

In that case, he had to do two things. Firstly, he had to stab them in the back to get rid of the third party that he was fighting for. Secondly, he had to get rid of the star on the opposite side. These two things were not easy to do, especially when he had to stab them in the back. It would be difficult for his red name to move forward.

Therefore, Ma Yinglong personally contacted Raging Sea of Blood.

Then, he waited, but no reply came. Ma Yinglong waited until his veins popped out! Impressive, right? Famous? Big shot, right? A few days ago, when you formed Blood Sea Studio, who was the first to form an alliance with you and praise you? I am the Dark Alliance. If I am not afraid of destroying your red name, I will gain experience and merits. Do you believe that I will cripple you?

Just as he was gritting his teeth, Raging Sea of Blood finally replied, "So it's Chairman Ma. Sorry, my messages are all over the place. I didn't see anything."

Ma Yinglong laughed. "This is the treatment of a celebrity, but I'm not here to send you a congratulatory message. I'm here to talk business with you. What are your plans next?"

Raging Sea of Blood laughed and said, "Of course I'm going to keep chopping people's heads off. I'm ranked first on the Merit Roll of the Kingdom War! I'm only here for fame, so don't worry, Chairman Ma. I'll only fight foreigners. When I'm done, I'll leave. I won't interfere with the matters between the big guilds."

It seemed like Xing Chen had contacted him before? Ma Yinglong chuckled. "This person can only make true friends when he is down and out. Everyone knows how to add flowers to the brocade. However, it is more practical to make true friends when one is up and down. To be honest, I am down and out. I would like to ask an old friend for help!"

Tsk! Downtrodden my ass! If I wasn't a Godly Hero, would you have come to Brother Bird? Raging Sea of Blood was furious when he heard that. He didn't expect Ma Yinglong to change the topic and say that he was downtrodden. He couldn't help but say in surprise, "Why is Chairman Ma downtrodden?"

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, “Think about it. This Watermelon Kingdom War has made us in this position. If we’re not careful, we’ll be scolded as traitors of the country. Then, we’ll take the opportunity to kick them while they’re down and kill them. This is what it means to be down and out. But if we don’t do anything, our fellow countrymen will steal all the limelight and lose our popularity. This is still down and out.”

Raging Sea of Blood chuckled. "President Ma, the foundation of the Undead is still there. What are you worried about? Just tell me if you need any help."

Ma Yinglong chuckled. "I would like to ask you to help me cut down the Indian District! Don't worry, our people will be sandwiched in the middle of the Indian District to block the bullets for you! Based on your performance today, you will definitely be able to kill to your heart's content! It's not impossible for you to wipe out the entire Indian District on your own. At that time, we will promote you as' one against a country '. We will post this on various websites and forums, guaranteeing that your brother's reputation will be great. This is a cheerleading team of tens of thousands of people! Even the President of the United States isn't so happy. After that, in the future, if your studio has any colleagues who can't stand it and can't make a move, such as Starry Night or Ninth Heaven, we can even kill dragons and make you strong."

Raging Sea of Blood laughed out loud. "In the entire China server, only Chairman Ma would dare to say that."

Ma Yinglong laughed and said, "To be honest, Guild of Stars is a place where grass doesn't grow under a big tree. It's hard for you not to feel aggrieved when you're in the same camp as them. Instead, it's more straightforward to cooperate with the opposing camp!"

Raging Sea of Blood smiled and said, "President Ma is indeed straightforward. Alright, I'll definitely help you!"

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, "Brother, this friend of yours is really worth it! I'll immediately get Thunder Fire Dragon to contact you about the specific tactics and share the map perspective."

"Haha! As expected of Chairman Ma…”

While they were talking, the spell cast by the Lava Lake in the camp of the devils finally came to fruition. Thousands of creatures like fire serpents appeared in the lake.

"Fire element!" The players on the shore were shocked!

— Fire Element: Neutral Level 4 Soldier, Attack: 10, Defense: 5, Health: 43, Damage: 11-20, Attack Speed: 8, Movement Speed: 6, Command Value: 3. Special Skill: Long-range Archer, Fire Immunity, Elemental Creature, Shield of Fire

Fire Elements were usually summoned by master-level Arcane Spells. They had high health and high damage, and were known as the strongest Level 4 long-range troops. They were even more powerful than many Level 5 troops. Their combined attributes were much better than the Level 3 Aemic Forest Hunters that the Elves were proud of. The only disadvantage was that they were too slow.

In reality, the four elemental creatures of Wind, Earth, Water, and Earth were all Level 4 soldiers that were very troublesome for players. The fire element was super strong in long-range attacks, and the shield of fire was not afraid of close combat. The water element knew advanced Ice Spire magic, and if it was not rare, it could definitely compete with the Druids for the throne of a god-level monster. The earth element was extremely resistant to attacks, high HP, and high HP. It was the nemesis of all magic in close combat, and the wind element was the fastest flying unit in the game.

Now, the thousands of fire elementals crawled out of the lava and joined the players who were missing their commander. The players from all over the world cheered! On the other hand, in order to preserve their strength, the Lord of the Abyss did not die much. Instead, they did not receive much fire elementals. The players from the China region were equally frustrated. The China region did not participate in the battle and could not receive many soldiers.

Now, after casting the spell, Cyriel returned to the shore. The flames were dim, and her body was still emitting a charcoal red color. It was obvious that her strength had been greatly reduced. With a tired expression, he said, "Warriors, this is your last chance. You can only win, not lose!"

The players from various countries said excitedly, "No failure! Absolutely no failure."

Clang! Clang! Clang! Another workshop door opened, and a brand new giant oar warship entered the water. This warship was obviously much taller than ordinary warships. To be more precise, it had added a shield similar to a coal ship on the side of the ship, which could be more effective against arrows.

Needless to say, these crude goods were definitely prepared for the heroine. The Thunder Fire Dragon immediately sent people to board the ship and get close to the ship. The Indian players were one step ahead, and the two sides began to collide and fight for positions on the sea.

As expected, Hillier said to Deirdre, "This is the warship that I've modified for you. There are four gun positions in front, back, left, and right. Although your skill can only control one cannon, you can switch the gun positions and shoot from all directions at any time, saving the time for the ballista to aim and turn. I hope you can do it too."

Deirdre quickly said, "Thank you, mentor!"

"Prepare for battle!"

• • •

In the staff officer department of the Elven Kingdom, a group of NPC officers stared at the big map nervously.

Aeon Star was extremely unhappy. The general attack just now had failed, and the Elven Kingdom still had no intention of mobilizing the main force of the NPCs. What would they do with so many arachne? What would they do if the arachne returned to deal with the players after finishing their task?

Just as he was feeling conflicted, an officer said excitedly, “Great Elder, we’ve detected the magic message Professor Anwen sent back!”

The Great Elder laughed. "Our hero is still alive, still alive!"

The entire hall was filled with thunderous applause!

Professor Anwen? So this superhero was an NPC called Anwen! The Everlasting Stars had finally calmed down! If the players were this strong, he definitely wouldn’t be able to stomach it. Hence, he took the opportunity to say, “Great Elder, should we mobilize our main force?”

First Elder laughed heartily. "Everyone, what do you think?"

All the officers raised their hands. "Attack!"

The final battle in the Pond of Light had begun!