Chapter 144: God-Grade Sea War Hero Conquers The World

— Pirate Warrior: Small-sized human, Special Forces. Attack: 10, Defense: 2, Damage: 6-10, Health: 35, Attack Speed: 14, Movement Speed: 12, Command Value: 2. Special Skill: Boat Skill, Flying Axe, Agility Evasion, War Plunder.

— Abyss Overlord: Large Devil, Normal form of a level 6 Infernal soldier. Attack: 21, Defense: 21, Damage: 13-26, Health: 120, Attack Speed: 8, Movement Speed: 8, Command Value: 8, Special Skill: Advanced Fireball, Middle-Grade Armor-Piercing Weakening, Decapitation Sword.

This was the difference in attributes between a pirate and an Abyss Overlord, the difference between a Rank 4 and a Rank 6 soldier! And strictly categorized, a pirate's low Defense and 2 Command Points made him a Rank 3 soldier. How could a Rank 3 soldier defeat a Rank 6 soldier on the sea? This indeed pulled the strings of all the players present. They really wanted to see how the so-called Godly Hero could turn something rotten into something magical!

Raging Sea of Blood was currently Level 25. Skill: Master-level Attack Skill, Master-level Pirate Skill, Master-level Nautical Skill, Master-level Command Skill. He had yet to learn all the sub-skill.

Master-level Attack + 50% Damage and Master-level Pirates + 50% Damage could indeed double the damage of the Pirates' 6-10 Damage to the level of an Abyss Overlord. However, it was far from enough. After all, the players of the Hell race also had common Attack Skills. What gave Raging Sea of Blood immense confidence was his God-level special ability, Admiral.

— Admiral: Heroes increase the troops' maritime combat power as their levels increase.

This was a very vague description of special abilities. How many levels would increase one's combat power by a few percent? Which attributes did combat power refer to in the speed of attack and defense? From what the players had researched during the open beta, the more vague the introduction of skills or special abilities, the greater the potential for improvement in one's control. And being able to operate was the mark of a true expert.

Under normal circumstances, Raging Sea of Blood's special ability was similar to an ordinary soldier's special ability that increased Attack, Defense, and Defense by 1 point every 2 levels. However, he was a hero that increased the Attack, Defense, and Defense of all the troops on the sea by 1 point every 4 to 5 levels. In other words, he increased the Attack, Defense, and Defense of his troops by 5 to 6 points every time he reached Level 25. He did not increase the speed and damage of his troops. As he used all of his troops, he was much stronger than an ordinary soldier's special ability. However, that was only equivalent to having an additional treasure and equipment slot. He was not worthy of being called a Godly Hero. In fact, the effect in actual combat was far from that.

All in all, when the morale of the troops exploded, the attack speed, attack speed, and damage of the troops would all increase! When the troops continuously won, this increase would continuously accumulate to a shocking level! This was the legendary increase in strength as they fought!

Therefore, morale and consecutive victories were the key to improving his special ability. Hence, Raging Sea of Blood's Master-level leadership skills, various treasures that boosted morale, as well as visiting the War God Hall in the city before teleportation, + 3 temporary morale. Now, his morale was as high as 13 points, and there was a 26% chance to boost his morale! And every victory would boost his morale again!

In short, this battle royale was the stage for Raging Sea of Blood to show his strength. As long as he won five battles in a row at the start of the battle, his troops, or to be more precise, the three pirate sub-heroes that led the charge, would have terrifying strength. It would not be difficult for them to crush level 6 soldiers.

Now, the rich players of Blood Sea Studio were riding their ships towards the center of the battlefield. Behind them was a large group of players without Nautical Skills. As a pirate, Raging Sea of Blood was even more impressive. He left the ordinary players far behind.

What a fast speed! As expected of a self-proclaimed professional! Such an eye-catching opening immediately caused an uproar in the other regional channel!

— Regional Channel: "The number one God-level naval battle hero of the China server has appeared!"

— Regional Channel: "The Chinese region's God-level nouveau riche, Raging Sea of Blood, has joined the battle!"

— Regional Channel: "Sea War Specialist Raging Sea of Blood wants to showcase a Level 6 PvP show!"

The sudden message on the channel caused the hearts of the Chinese players, who were stuck at the front line, to skip a beat! It was as if a lightning strike had arrived, and all the players, members of Stars, as well as the higher-ups of Stars, could not help but look towards the back of the battlefield. Over there, a light boat flew over like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water!

The entire battlefield was in an uproar. Although they did not know how powerful this Raging Sea of Blood was, he was able to appear so quickly. The title of a Godly Hero was indeed something to look forward to.

"That's what I want!" Looking at the screen full of messages, Raging Sea of Blood chuckled.

They were getting closer! At this moment, the entire battlefield was in chaos. The ships of both sides were crossing each other.

Under everyone's gaze, Raging Sea of Blood's light boat did not dodge and instead charged towards the bow of an Indian impact ship! The entire scene was in an uproar. What was this Godly Hero trying to do?! Was he too fast to stop and could not turn around? Similarly, the Indian player who was lying on the deck with only half his head exposed was also shocked! Was he looking for death?

At this moment, the three pirate heroes on the light boat suddenly leaped up like three meatballs hitting the Indian player's ship—Boom! With a muffled sound, a white light rose into the sky. When the three heroes landed, the Indian player was beheaded!

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood killed Indian player Jia Jiami. Jia Jiami's troops were defeated!

"Wow!!! Beheading!" The long-awaited area channel exploded!

Raging Sea of Fury laughed. This was the effect he wanted, but the good show was yet to come!

The light boat turned slightly and brushed past the bow of the assault ship. At the same time, the three pirate heroes ignored the remnants of the ship and jumped back into the light boat. Target, next!

"Wah!!!" Such exquisite control of the ship and such an efficient decapitation blow up the scene once again!

Right now, Qingzhou was charging towards a Chinese female player who was engaged in a porthole battle with a Chinese female player. The theme of saving the damsel in distress was eternal.

Another three meatballs flew into the sky. Under the terrified gaze of the German player, three huge shadows descended from the sky. Boom! Another white light rose into the sky!

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood killed the European Union's German player Waterman. Waterman's troops were defeated!

"Wow! Two consecutive wins!" The battlefield channel exploded again!

Under the shocked gaze of the female Chinese player, the three pirates waved their hands and flung their sleeves. "You're welcome!"

"Call me Red Scarf!"

"Or, Pirate Three B * stards!"

"We are a rocket team that travels through the sea!"

"We are the most charming villains in history!"

"The white one will wait for us tomorrow!"

"Battle! Set off!"

Looking at the handsome figures of the three pirates jumping back into the small boat and Raging Sea of Blood's lonely boat, the female player called Luo Shui Son of God regained her senses and screamed, "Rich guy, let's be friends…"

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood killed the European Union Italian player Beronsconi. Beronsconi's troops were defeated!

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood has killed the European Union's French player, Reconnaissance Troop. Reconnaissance Troop's troops have been defeated!

• • •

Raging Sea of Blood dominated the battlefield. Raging Sea of Blood killed everyone. Raging Sea of Blood was invincible. Raging Sea of Blood laughed heartily!

The entire battlefield was in an uproar! The entire China server was in an uproar! In that instant, the entire world's attention was focused on this legendary God-level naval battle hero of the China server! His strength had conquered the world's audience! The list of dangerous individuals on America's Supernova battle team instantly had another [S] class dangerous individual!