Chapter 148: Kindergarten, Here I Come!

At this moment, SV Fly's entire body was covered in a faint layer of blood. The moss that covered the entire ship before the expedition was also washed away by the wind and rain.

Da Fei quickly recovered from the shock of the Unlucky Special Skill. Very good, if we're unlucky, we'll all be unlucky together. As expected of a skill born in the Devil's Kindergarten. One of the characteristics of the Devil is Unlucky.

Now that he had two skills at Level 1, how powerful would this ship become if he leveled up a few more times in the future? Looking at the durability restored to 2300 and the increase in Defense, Da Fei was extremely gratified and expectant.

At this moment, Katerina opened the cockpit door and jumped out to wave at Da Fei happily. "I've received God-level information! I've received God-level information! Wahahaha!"

If I don't hug you now, when will I hug you! Da Fei immediately jumped down from the balcony and hugged his sweetheart. "My darling! I love you so much, wahahaha!"

Katerina snorted. "Captain is so bad!"

"Come, come. To celebrate, give me a kiss!"

"Aiya, don't!"

You're already in my arms. How awkward. Let me sniff and fondle you! Wahahaha! I already have a beautiful ship in life!

Da Fei said excitedly, "Baby, look, our ship is alive! When we get out, we'll earn big bucks and renovate this ship into a palace at sea!"

Katerina smiled coquettishly. "Captain, this ship has become extraordinary. Legend has it that the Pirate King's ship needs to be washed and maintained with shark blood every day. Our ship has been tainted with a layer of demonic blood. Its future growth will be limitless!"

"Miss Katerina is right!" The old lady laughed and came to the deck. "Captain, you really created a miracle! If I'm not wrong, the storm just now should be the Demon God Baptism Ceremony that the Demon Race holds every 100 years. Obviously, we have all become the beneficiaries of the ritual."

Divine level storm, as expected!

Da Fei said excitedly, "Ms. Anwen, Serbia comprehended a Grandmaster-level meditation technique just now. This must be because of the storm, right?"

Anwen sighed with a smile. “That’s right. This storm of divine power contains a tremendous amount of energy. It can greatly speed up the recovery of a hero’s magic power, and at the same time, it can also destroy the life of any living creature. If it weren’t for the fact that I have to preserve my damaged body to complete my mission, I would’ve really gone all out to challenge the divine level meditation technique. In short, I’m very relieved that I finally have a successor for my self-created technique!”

Hehe, I was waiting for you to say that! Da Fei said happily, “Thank you, Madam Anwen, for teaching me!”

Anwen tapped the faint red wooden planks on the ship and chuckled. “Everything has a spirit, and wood is indeed the most intelligent and compatible existence. Whether it’s the statue, the golem, the totem, or the wand, wood is the most common medium and has always been a subject of research for us druids. So, if you’re interested in returning to the Pond of Light to complete the purification mission, Captain, you can still absorb life energy to activate the rotten wood on the ship and improve its performance.”

Da Fei was shocked. "Didn't they say that the Light and Darkness Godfiends can't coexist? They can even return to the Pool of Light?"

Anwen chuckled. “I said wood is the most compatible! Not to mention the fact that this ship has received the Blessing of God and has fused its divinity and demonic nature together, the ancient tree is the best example. Whether the ancient tree is corrupted or the demonic tree is cured, the result will be a significant increase in the ancient tree’s strength. As a pragmatic human, Captain, it’s best if you can improve the ship’s performance, right?”

Da Fei nodded in surprise. "Yes, yes, yes! I don't care if it's a God Ship, a Devil Ship, or a Fusion God Ship. As long as its performance is good, it's a good ship!"

Anwen laughed loudly. “Captain is indeed pragmatic! Then, I’ll accompany you back to the Luminous Pond after completing this mission!”

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Thank you, Madam!"

Anwen smiled. “No, I have to thank you on behalf of the kingdom! I’m sure the kingdom has already received news of our safety. In short, let’s recover as soon as possible. I’m sure the captain will be able to display his skills here.”

Wahahaha! What a great show of strength! That's right! It's time for me to step on the kindergarten. The problem is, where is the kindergarten in the vast sea of blood? It's alright, I'll find you!

At this moment…

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, used Master-level Revival Spell. 426 Flower Goblin troops are revived! The revived Flower Goblin troops are in a weak state.

426th place! That's right! This is the normal revival standard of Serbia!

Da Fei hurriedly went to a wolf-borrowed bottom cabin. The cabin was filled with corpses and wounded soldiers. Serbia was sitting cross-legged with her eyes closed in meditation. Colorful magic sparks surrounded her body, making her look noble and mysterious. It was really good to be a Mage.

Da Fei did not want to disturb her. He did not know if she could hear him or not. He could only say pragmatically, "Revive the Flower Goblin first, then revive the Forest Goddess, then revive the Druids! Jungle Hunters and whatnot, give up if you can't do it."

Serbia closed his eyes and nodded excitedly. "Got it! Captain, I'm a grandmaster now!"

Ah! Da Fei didn't know whether to laugh or cry! Are you sure you're concentrating? At the end of the day, you look young and mature, but you're just a young girl who's not even 16 years old!

Da Fei took the opportunity to stroke her glorious blonde hair and chuckled. “Everyone’s praising you. Do your best, Ms. Anwen will teach you skills later!”

"Okay!"

SV Fly sailed through the sea of blood. Da Fei was looking for the so-called kindergarten. Serbia was trying to accumulate mana to revive the troops.

And at that moment, the gigantic blood moon in the sky began to disappear! At the same time, the entire sea of blood rumbled.

Anwen was enlightened. “Did you notice that the sea level is falling?”

Da Fei nodded! That's right, the current coordinate z axis has gone from 0 to negative! -0065! -0116! -0176! Such a deceleration of the coordinate meant that the sea level was falling very quickly! Although there was no reference object in the vast sea, it was not obvious!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia used the Master-level Revival Spell on the dead Jungle Hunters. The skill failed and they cannot be revived!

The Skill Failure! This meant that this Blood Moon Completion was a sign of staying overnight! Da Fei checked the condition of the troops. Indeed, the 100 plus Forest Hunters could not revive in time. In short, there was no other way. Death was a glorious death.

Exhausted, Serbia walked onto the deck and said with a lonely expression, "I'm sorry!"

Da Fei patted her head again and said with infinite care, "You did very well! Don't blame yourself!"

Anwen rubbed her head and laughed. “It would be great if my granddaughter could be as obedient and attentive as you. I’ve been waiting for you for a long time!” With that, he raised his hand and shot a beam of white light toward Serbia!

Da Fei was stunned. Her granddaughter?

— System Message: Anwen imparted your sub-hero Serbia Grandmaster Meditation Skill, Magic Coordination!

— Magic Coordination: Hero can add 1 point of magic power to the magic troops under her command. It can only be used once a day.

Serbia smiled through her tears. “Thank you, Teacher Anwen!”

Anwen laughed loudly!

Katerina exclaimed, "Small islands! So many small islands!"

That's right, the sea level dropped, and countless small islands appeared on the surface of the water! Not far away from SV Fly, there were several blood-colored islands. There was a huge mountain of flesh on the island, and below the mountain of flesh were countless demon eggs!

Anwen laughed loudly. “So that’s how it is. This is the abyssal blood pool’s demonic tide! That’s the abyssal blood pool’s nest. Captain, what are you waiting for?”

Looking at the large red dot on the map, Da Fei laughed. "Kindergarten, here I come!"