Chapter 155: Cannon Artist Deirdre

No matter what, as long as these little demonesses did not attack, they would be Da Fei's sooner or later.

Da Fei waved and smiled at them excitedly. They hugged the binoculars even tighter. Wahahaha, so cute!

Da Fei counted with his fingers. There were exactly 44 of them, and each of them had a pair of binoculars. Wahahaha, they were all Elite Banshee. Their combat power was definitely not on the same level as a level-three soldier's Jungle Hunter. As long as they were nurtured, it would be enough to make up for and increase his combat power! Sigh, what a pity. They did not kill more players and drop more binoculars!

At this moment, Old Madam Anwen’s tired expression was full of gratification. “I don’t know what went wrong, but there’s something wrong. I don’t think I’m using a spirit design to summon them, but I’m using a spirit design as a medium and using incantations as a language to perform a very different kind of diplomacy. Otherwise, there’s no way to explain their indiscriminate distribution of goods. In short, this is an incomplete result of gathering gold coins, treasure sacrifice, spirit design summoning, and the use of Stealth Sailing to conceal military power! The only thing left is to find a way to eliminate their hostility.”

Da Fei finally understood. "I see! Diplomatic skills sometimes require money!" Wahaha, I'm so awesome. I knew gold coins were useful!

Anwen said with a smile, “Moreover, the benefits of this kind of remote diplomacy can be repeated over. This will prevent the situation of having to fight if the diplomatic mission fails under normal circumstances. This is a new topic. Perhaps we can use this method to deal with powerful demons.”

Da Fei nodded. "I see!" He was not interested in powerful demons. It was enough to have Little Goody. Wahaha!

At this moment, Serbia brought a large amount of exquisite Elven Kingdom food from the kitchen. Then, with an angel-like smile, they distributed food to these shrunken demonesses. Even Didi and Lilly could not help but drool over the food. It was obvious how different the values of demons and elves and humans were. Delicacies were indeed recognized together.

However, what would Serbia's angelic smile be in the eyes of these little demonesses? In short, they were even more afraid. Serbia spread the food and drinks in front of them and walked far away. Then, these little demonesses could not resist the temptation of delicious food and went forward to get their food. In an instant, they cheered, and the red name above their heads turned into a neutral yellow name!

Oh yeah! My living conditions are way better than hell. It's only a matter of time before they join my army.

At this time, Anwen wiped his sweat and said with a sigh, “Alright, I’m a bit tired. Captain, hurry up and finish the mission.”

Da Fei hurriedly nodded and said, "Thank you, Teacher! Teacher, quickly go back to your room to rest. Leave the rest to me!"

The Banshee camp was an alternate dimension. The hero's attribute skills could not affect the entire ship, so Da Fei and Katerina had to go out. Now, this place was left to Serbia, who had nothing to do for the time being. This little angel could not come up with any ideas on summoning, so she could be a caring sister to take care of the child. Although the children seemed to be very afraid of this sister angel, it was better to be afraid. It was easier to train her.

Since they had already achieved their goal, there was no need for them to spend any more time logging onto the island. They could continue to destroy the other Devil Nests along the shore.

• • •

The battle in the Pool of Light had already reached a new stage.

After the allied forces of hell suppressed the Chinese elves on the city wall of the island in the lake, the main force continued to surround and suppress them. Of course, the encirclement was not complete. Then, they sent the non-military members who were beaten up and did not have many soldiers to pour out the soil under the roots of the Flower Demon Camp in the Pond of Light. They wantonly polluted and destroyed the black smoke.

Starry relied on the advantage of having the city wall to be invincible and used the advantage of the leaf boat's speed to form a group of five main team members. They were also equipped with a Healing Player who would go around guerrilla warfare and kill the Hell Race's Earth Pollution Ship. They would accumulate merit points to exchange for Druids. When Starry accumulated enough Druids, it would be the time to decide the winner.

For a time, the scattered fleets from both sides of the Pond of Light chased each other and started fighting on all fronts. It was obvious that Stars had gradually gained the upper hand with their zero mobility tactics. If the battle continued, Stars would definitely win in the end. For a time, the world channel of the China server was flooded with messages, celebrating their victory in advance.

For the Earth race, the only way to reverse the situation was to break through the city wall on the water and occupy the resurrection point on the island. Once the resurrection point was occupied for a long time, according to the rules of the battlefield, the Infernal camp would win the war.

However, the Stone Age battleships of the Infernal Race were helpless against the Elf's water wall.

Even though Hell's fast-paced ships were suicidal weapons that other high-end naval warships feared, hitting a wall was no different from hitting a reef.

What was even more troublesome was that the city wall could increase the range and power of the long-range troops stationed there and the ballistae. Of course, it was not only the city wall. Any high ground and wind was beneficial to the long-range troops, which meant that they could stand at a very high distance. At the same time, the city wall could reduce the long-range damage of the attackers by 25% to 50%. Therefore, the strongest level 4 long-range fire element soldier in the allied forces of hell had no advantage at all.

No one dared to say that they had an advantage when facing the city walls. This was one of the difficulties of attacking a city.

What was worse than the siege was the infighting among the Infernals. India was preoccupied with the heroine. Unwilling to let the Chinese take her away, they began to charge at the Chinese warships surrounding her.

Although surrounding the heroine did not have much meaning to improve their favorability, and it might not even have much tactical significance in actual combat, this was a symbol of sovereignty. Both sides refused to give in and clashed fiercely.

Of course, Charge was also a very profound skill that ordinary players could not easily imitate. Just like in a basketball match, a reasonable body confrontation and a red and yellow card breaking the rules were often separated by a line. One had to control the strength and range, or else the system would judge it as PK.

Obviously, these Indian players were the elites of their country. Their ability to control the battlefield was incomparable to the Dragon Slaying Guild, which was weak and had many temporary workers. Under the siege of the army, the Godly Hero Raging Sea of Blood was unlikely to leave the city to provide support. In an instant, the formation of the Chinese fleet gradually began to loosen.

At this moment, one of the temporary members of the Dragon Slayer Guild wasn't able to hold on. Or rather, he was tricked by Brother San. In any case, he was a little careless. Red card!

The Indian players cheered. With a round of fire elemental attacks from the various ships, the red-named temporary worker was instantly killed, and they laughed loudly at the speed of advancement from the tear. The team members were instantly killed, and then mocked by Third Brother. A few more red-named temporary workers failed to hold on to the Dragon Slayer. Red-named again!

Damn it!!! Who cares about that, let's fight!

In the midst of the chaos, the same scene played out once again. Deirdre’s warship broke free and rushed towards the battlefield once again. For a moment, both sides were stunned and immediately gave chase.

As the leader of the alliance, the Japanese server had long been annoyed by the two “idiots” who were fighting over the female NPCs. When they saw the NPC battleships rushing over from the back of the formation, they immediately ordered the battleships from all over the world to open up a path for her to die! Then, they blocked the road and cut off their hopes.

The move was met with criticism from both countries.

— Boom! Boom! The sound of a cannon shot rang out! The ballista at the rear of the Deirdre Warship fired the first shot at the water wall!

This cannon shot shocked everyone. All the other players from Hell were shocked!

The range of the ballista was obviously much longer than normal ballistae! Under normal circumstances, her position would not be able to hit the city wall! To the Infernal players who relied heavily on ballistae to start the game, they knew the range of the ballistae very well! At the very least, the ballistae on the city wall would not be able to hit their current position!

— Boom!!! Sparks flew from the city walls!

All the players present were shocked! Explosive Crossbow!? The ultimate skill of the Hell race’s Epic Hero, Dirib, “Iron Lady”? That’s right, everyone had seen Dirib before. Although he was surrounded by the Indian players, the more tightly he was hidden, the more the high-end secret agents of the various countries focused on him. This Dirib had once given this female NPC a red book! That must be a skill impartation!

— Boom! Boom! Another explosion was heard! The flames on the city wall shone with white light!

— Battleground War Report: Hell Camp NPC hero Deirdre killed the China server player Fallen Cat!

“Wah!!!” All the players of the Infernal Race cheered without any doubts! All the players of the China region were shocked!

This heroine was obviously a water siege engine! With her around, why would they be afraid of not being able to break through the city walls? The various countries in hell were cursing the Indian and Chinese areas on the team channel to hold back the siege engines from joining the battle.

Now Japan, recognizing the heroine’s worth, immediately responded by surrounding the heroine’s battleship in a tight circle.

In the China region, both Dragon Slaying and Stars were shocked!

The Thunder Fire Dragon immediately opened the mission panel to check the Banshee's attributes. It was instantly dumbfounded. This Banshee Hero had leveled up again while reading books and self-study!

— Deirdre: A mysterious banshee who pursues the path of a hero!

Level: 6

Occupation: Intermediate Cannon Artist. Increases Ballista Damage by 20%. Every time the Hero level increases by one level, + 1 Attack, + 1 Free Attribute Point.

Hero Special Ability: Banshee Leader.

Job Skill: Iron Lady, Ballistics

Hero Skill: Elementary Study of War Machines, Elementary Dark Magic

Command Power: 86

Attack: 23 (Basic 17 points, Treasure + 3, Upgrade Point + 3)

Defense: 42 (Basic: 13, Treasure + 29)

Magic Power: 3

Knowledge: 2

Damage: 18-32

Health: 373 (Treasure + 102)

Magic Resistance: 50%

Fire Resistance: 75%

Attack Speed: 11

Hero Special Skill: Flying Creature, Charm Master, Chain Shot, Transformation Skill, Banshee Training Master

Heroic Treasures:

— Dwarf King's Armor: Grade B Strategy Treasure, Defense + 10, Magic Resistance Chance + 15%

— Dwarf King's Helmet: Grade B Strategy Treasure, Defense + 5, Army Immunity to Blind Magic.

— Dwarf King's Rune Shield: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Defense + 8, Magic Resistance Chance + 20%

— Dwarf King's Iron Fist: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Attack + 3, Defense + 3, Attack Speed increased by 5%.

— Dwarf King's Legguards: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Defense + 3, Army Immunity to Delay Magic.

[Additional Reward for the Dwarf King Set: Army Health + 2, Hero Health + 100]

• • •

Deirdre's newly upgraded skill was the sub-skill ballistic skill of the Cannon Gunner!

— Ballistics: The Ballista's range increases by 5% with every level up!

Increasing the shooting range was extremely important in a battle between long-range troops! Now, it showed an unparalleled advantage. This was the power of a hidden hero class! She was only level 6 now. It would be terrible if she waited for her Ballista Master to fire two consecutive shots!

All of a sudden, Lei Huolong discovered that his mission’s affinity points were only a pitiful 11%! What was going on? There was still 20% before the expedition! Could it be that the Japanese had gotten together with her just now? Holy f*ck! I have to inform my boss, I have to destroy Japan!

And at this time, the entire audience was in an uproar!

The intertwined tree roots on the water wall emitted a green light, beginning to recover on their own!