Chapter 158: Resentment For The Elven Heart

With a flash of white light, the 44th demoness successfully advanced to Intermediate War Machine.

As expected, after Da Fei's special forces training reached advanced level, the remaining little demonesses were all successful in one go! This feeling of having everything under control was really great!

As long as he worked hard, he would succeed. This saying usually did not apply to advancing to the Grandmaster level. However, it was applicable to Da Fei now. This was because Da Fei had the most complementary Charging Skills and training troops. With outstanding students and brilliant instructors, success was inevitable. However, how far was he from success?

Dafei was both in pain and happy!

What was annoying was that they were very mischievous and did not listen to orders. Every time they came to an island, they would first destroy all the enemies they could destroy before reluctantly destroying the Magic Nest. In addition, their attributes were low and the Ballista's power was low. This also caused the destruction of the Magic Nest to slow down. Da Fei did not know what slow progress meant. Anyway, the old lady had warned him before she went to rest that nothing good would happen. Also, if they did not end the war soon, things might change at Deirdre's place.

However, the happy thing was that the attributes of these little demonesses were astonishing, and they had boundless prospects!

— Growth Elite Banshee: Attack: 12, Defense: 6, Damage: 2-6, Health: 22, Command Value: 0, Attack Speed: 8, Special Skill: Flying Creature, Intermediate Study of War Machines.

If not for the fact that they were already used to seeing the growth of Didi and Lilly, they would definitely be so excited that Da Fei would scream.

The Cannon Gunner's Cannon Power was related to skill level and total attribute points. With their attributes, they were already close to being proficient in Cannon Gunner's 10 Attack and 10 Defense attribute points. If they leveled up to Advanced Cannon, they could just barely replace them. And wouldn't leveling up to Advanced be the next step?

Therefore, during the crucial period when these children grew up and developed their intelligence, Da Fei still decided to bear with the pain. He would nurture them all the way to the end. Cultivating them was also nurturing himself!

As for the crisis they were worried about, what should they do? The old lady’s point of view was still the truth: compared to the benefits that could be seen clearly, it was better to ignore those unpredictable crises. That’s right, how many people in life didn’t only focus on the immediate benefits? Those with great foresight were either big shots or transmigrators. None of them were reliable.

At this time, the gun cabin had become a children's carnival. Serbia, who had rested well, came to maintain order. All kinds of pastries from the kitchen were piled on the fishing bench as a reward table. The rope bed that cured sailors' insomnia was hung between the mast and the roof of the cabin as a reward for rest. In short, comprehending advanced skills was definitely more difficult than the failure rate of intermediate skills. Therefore, the kindergarten Red Flower system was implemented.

After resting, it was time to challenge advanced skills.

Failure! Continue! Failure! Continue! No more stamina. Rest. Change. Continue.

For Da Fei, who had just attained the level of Grandmaster, he could confidently say that failure was the mother of success. Come on, let me succeed after thousands of failures!

Time passed second by second. Under the frenzied attacks of the demonesses, the Fiend Nest finally collapsed. SV Fly could finally start a new journey. The progress was indeed slow. Sigh, let's continue to succeed.

SV Fly passed by another large island. The seaside of the island was densely packed with giant spiders of an adult size. Da Fei's eyelids twitched. Another spider nest? This was the third time he had encountered one!

At this moment, the ballistae in the gun cabin roared in unison. The young demonesses excitedly fired at the shore.

The explosion was like poking a hornet’s nest. All the spiders on the arachne island shrieked in unison as a giant golden spider emerged from the ground of the nest and flew toward the beach.

Da Fei was stunned. It's that so-called Guardian again? What's the use of it charging over? Can it swim? I don't believe it!

The giant spider took more than ten steps with each step and instantly rushed to the shore—pfft! A large mouthful of mucus sprayed towards SV Fly. The mucus scattered in the air and formed a huge net that fell down! Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! Are you kidding me? You're a God-grade Boss, how can you trap a ship as big as me? Impossible!

— Bang! The huge web covered SV Fly. Although it did not clearly stop SV Fly's advance, it did connect a spider web bridge between the giant spider and SV Fly. In that instant, the densely packed giant spiders on the island boarded the spider web bridge and landed on SV Fly!

Such high-tech technology! Da Fei was so shocked that his scalp felt like it was going to explode! Boom!

— Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Before Da Fei could give the order, the group of demonesses had already opened fire.

Amidst the splattering of blood, the giant spider grabbed in pain and instantly dug a huge pit on the beach, diving into the ground! F*ck! It took on more than ten Ballistas! The young demoness must be too weak, right? Although the monster had escaped, the spider bridge was still there. A large number of spiders had already crossed the middle of the field!

When the giant spider dived to the ground, the demonesses placed their sights on the spiders that crawled over. Blood splattered as large numbers of spiders fell into the sea.

Then let's fight! I don't believe that no matter how elite you are, you will only be born with this group of brats on the ship for a day at most. They are just frighteningly tall.

Da Fei hurriedly brought the Druid Flower Goblin troops and rushed onto the deck. At this moment, the entire SV Fly was wrapped up and could no longer use the Flower Goblin's Air Force advantage. It did not matter. He was a hero. He believed that he could defeat a kindergarten class.

Golden light descended from the sky. Serbia gave the troops 15 Attack and 15 Defense Tenacity. With such a huge offensive and defensive advantage, what hope do you guys have?

Even under the double long-range firepower blockade of the ballistae and Druids, a large number of spiders still rushed onto SV Fly. They spat spider silk mucus at Da Fei's army and flew down. Da Fei's army seemed to be covered in a thick layer of mucus. Their attack speed and movement speed decreased drastically. Furthermore, this mucus could not be purified by the Goddess of the Forest's purification magic!

Da Fei was shocked! Last time, it was only spitting out poisonous fog. This time, it was sticking to him! This spider demon was not to be underestimated!

Arachne flew down continuously. The green mist in Da Fei's army was chaotic. The situation was indeed not good.

Now that the troops were stuck and could not be mobilized, Da Fei had no choice but to immediately pull Serbia into the passenger cabin aisle. He blocked the entrance of the cabin himself. Didi and Lilly were shooting behind him. As a Boss, as long as their Heavy Fire Chain Shot was still there, Serbia's Grandmaster Cogitation could only heal Da Fei. Da Fei was confident that he could last until the end!

That's right. Considering the endless number of them, Da Fei was prepared for the worst case scenario where they were all wiped out on the deck.

At this moment, Da Fei clearly saw the Shattered Rainbow Light that indicated bad luck rise from the heads of some large spiders. His confidence increased greatly. That's right, I'm the Boat of Bad Luck. With the Hourglass of Bad Luck in hand, it's your bad luck to get on my ship!

• • •

The Pond of Light was the center of attention.

With a loud bang, a ray of golden light descended from the sky, and Deirdre leveled up again! The Hell players from all over the world were waiting for it!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! The crossbow bolts fired twice, and two sparks bloomed on the city wall!

The Advanced War Machine Master, Ballista Master, Deirdre used the most reasonable points to repay the audience's expectations. The entire battlefield exploded! The outcome of this conflict seemed to be determined very soon.

In the staff officer department of the Elven Kingdom, a group of elven officers surrounded the two maps, unable to remain calm.

"The enemy has sent out a superhero. Our city wall and arrow towers are completely helpless! We can't take the attacks passively. Once the city wall is destroyed, our army might fail!"

"The situation in the space of the Ancient Wisdom Tree has been deteriorating. It is beginning to threaten the foundation of the World Tree. This will weaken the self-healing ability of the World Tree."

"The enemy has already contaminated 37 main roots. The situation is dire!"

"Where is our superhero? Is he still fighting?"

"Our army has lost contact with Superheroes!"

Listening to the NPC officers’shouts, the Ancient One Star’s expression was blank.

That's right, the guild's number one beauty, Bu Feiyan, was making slow progress in the space of the Ancient Wisdom Tree in Nathir. It was not that her skills were bad. In fact, if it were someone else, they would have long been killed by the ever-changing scenes. In the end, purely battle-type heroes might not be useful in missions. It was a mistake to use people.

After that, because of this female Cannon Hero who suddenly appeared, the situation of this battle was reversed, and it was very likely that she would lose. Actually, it wasn't that she had suddenly appeared, right? The Indian server had long discovered that she was the key to breaking the situation, right? She really didn't expect the game standards of the Indian server to be so high! She was really a great enemy in the future of Stars!

Just as he was panicking, an officer cried out, “Not good! The enemy’s superhero has leveled up again! The situation on our city wall is getting more serious!”

"Warriors!" The Great Elder said, "You must destroy the enemy's superheroes!"

Even a fool would know that they had to eliminate them. The problem was that they were surrounding them so tightly! Couldn't they give them some discounts? The soldiers from Hell would be compensated according to their remaining Command Power! The Ancient One Star said angrily, "If we can't eliminate the enemy's superhero, what should we do?"

First Elder also said exasperatedly, "Of course it's to admit defeat. What else can we do?"

The Aeon Star exclaimed, "Admit defeat? What if the World Tree is destroyed?"

The Great Elder let out a long sigh. "The World Tree connects to many worlds. Once the World Tree is destroyed, our entire world and many worlds will collapse together. I believe that demons still have integrity and lower limits. Their goal should be to try to reduce the yield of our World Tree fruits and flower demons… In short, you must succeed!"

The Aeon Star was stunned once again. If he was serious with the NPCs, he would lose.

At this moment, the commotion in the Pond of Light suddenly changed. Deirdre’s cannon had stopped firing. To be more precise, after firing for so long, she had run out of ammunition.

She had to go back to replenish her ammunition and report the situation of the battle. There was no choice but to send people to escort her home. At this time, it was naturally the Indian and Chinese territories behind the battle formation, which resulted in the chaos.

It was about time. At the command of the Aeon Star, the four huge gates on the water wall suddenly opened. The main force of the Druids that Stellar had accumulated for a long time rushed out like a flood. The world channel that had been silent for a long time instantly boiled over.

• • •

Although the battle at the Abyssal Blood Pool was arduous, there was no suspense in the battle between the "hero with all the treasures vs kindergarten class". All the arachne who attacked were eliminated. Of course, our army also suffered casualties… In short, with Serbia's Great Revival Spell, a complete victory was inevitable.

Now, there was only the huge spider buried in the sand on the other side of the bridge. As the class monitor, it probably only had this level of intelligence. SV Fly was close to the shore. This distance was where the Ballista would deal full damage.

Da Fei went to the artillery cabin and took out a small handful of gold coins. He chuckled and said, "Students, whoever can blast the guy buried in the ground out, I'll reward him!" Humph, food and drink were no longer enough to satisfy the children.

As expected, the demonesses cheered and used their binoculars to check the traces on the beach while adjusting the aim of the ballista.

Eh! This situation could not help but make Da Fei feel amazed! These little guys really knew how to use treasures? They were using binoculars to aim at the sniper rifle, but they were using sniper cannons? They were even more awesome!

* Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! * More than a dozen crossbow bolts whistled as they flew towards the beach, shooting up a pillar of blood.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have killed the guardian hero of the Spider Demon Worm Nest Trial. You have won the battle. You have gained 260,000 EXP. Your Hatred Points in the arachne race have increased by 10,000.

— System Message: You have obtained the achievement of "Battle of the Eighth Victory". Additional reward: Command Power + 10. You have obtained the achievement of "Battle of the Second Brilliant Battle Victory". Additional reward: Command Power + 20. Hero Health + 20.

— System Message: After an intense battle, your Elite Banshee Young Troops have grown greatly.

Da Fei was stunned! This can't be! That guy is actually a hero? Does this mean that this Demon God Ceremony can baptize a hero? Isn't this too powerful?

It seemed the arachne race was indeed powerful, and they were on a completely different level from the other demons. In short, just this miserable battle alone was enough for this brother to wipe out their lair. Their lair should still have golden spider webs, right?

In short, time was precious. Da Fei sent Serbia to bring the sailors, flower demons, and other soldiers who were not weak to land and destroy their nest. As for himself, he would continue to stay in the captain's position to train the little devil.

After the battle just now ended, all of them flashed with white light, and their bodies turned into girls. Excellent, excellent!

— System Message: You used the "Banshee Artillery Sergeant" skill on the Elite Banshee. You successfully taught the Elite Banshee Baby "Advanced Study of War Machines"!

— System Message: You have obtained information on Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines.

— System Message: You have received information on Expert-level Special Forces Training Skill.

Oh, right! Success at once! In other words, they had to wait for their bodies to grow before they could attend classes? Wahahaha, so that was it! However, who knew if this was due to pre-school education? In short, they had successfully broken through the level of advanced. The expert was right in front of them!

Next! Wahahaha!

Just as Da Fei's advanced course was progressing smoothly, the results of the battle came from Serbia.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, destroyed the Demon Hive. You received 60,000 EXP and 100 Reputation. You received a large loot, golden spider silk.

— Mission Hint: "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool" mission progress: Destroying 65 / 100 broods.

At this moment, a cold mist appeared in front of Da Fei again. A familiar sharp voice sounded. "Well done! You used your actions to prove your sincerity in taking revenge for me, but it's not enough. It's not enough to calm my hatred. I have to kill all these maggots!! To show my sincerity, I'll show you my reward! As long as you do it well, you'll get my reward forever!"

— Mission Hint: Your ranger skill level has a temporary + 1 upper limit. You have received a temporary part-time job as a "Primary Ranger".

— Mission Hint: You temporarily took on the role of a Primary Ranger. Your Army Damage increased by 5% and your Movement Speed increased by 5%. You received 30 Attack Points from a Primary Ranger.

— Mission Hint: You have obtained a Rangers' Hidden Job Skill, Demon Hatred Striker.

— Demon Hatred Striker: Hero's troops have a 10% chance of dealing double damage to Demon-type creatures. Hero's troops are not limited to Elves.

This time, Dafei was really shocked!

It turned out that Wanderer Skill + 1 upper limit meant that a human like him could also take on a job! No, it was a part-time job! A main hero job that only elves could take on! This was the main hero job! What the heck! What the heck! What the heck! Awesome! No wonder this hidden mission was hidden so deeply. The reward was so awesome!