Chapter 157: So They Are All Cowardly Kids

— System Message: You used the "Banshee Artillery Sergeant" skill on the Elite Banshee larvae. You successfully taught the Elite Banshee larvae "Elementary Study of War Machines"!

— System Message: You received information about Advanced Special Forces Training Skill.

Oh yeah! Another success! Ten successes in a row! Don't make a fuss, don't squeeze. Next, wahahaha!

15 times! 20 times!

Da Fei was so excited that his hands started to tremble! Deirdre had once said that infants could grow very well. Then, these elite-level infants that had been baptized by the so-called Demon God Storm could be imagined! This was the legendary rare talent that only appeared once in a hundred years!

If Didi and Lilly were products of exploration and had many imperfections in their positioning, then the growth of these infants could not go astray. That was to specialize in the art of cannon until the end! Currently, in the game, only Level 7 soldiers and a small number of Level 6 soldiers had Master-level skills. Then, Da Fei's goal was to let them reach Master-level Ballista! In the process of teaching them, he would make his Ballista and Special Forces reach the Grandmaster level! He might even reach the God-level!

For Da Fei, who had just seen the advancement path of a Grandmaster, with so many good saplings, this goal would be realized sooner or later. Da Fei was full of confidence!

White light flashed! The 44th transmission was successful!

Da Fei laughed out loud! His next target was Intermediate! Suddenly, Da Fei realized that while training these children, they had grown a lot bigger. That's right, when learning the new skill, White Flash, it would definitely increase their attributes. However, this growth rate was obviously stronger than that of Didi and Lilly. Perhaps this was the result of both Skill Growth and the ability to bask in the moonlight.

In short, Da Fei felt that time was very tight. He had to teach them as many advanced skills as possible before they reached adulthood.

Once he reached adulthood, not only would the difficulty increase, but the System would definitely charge him money. As for the infancy stage, the fee was very difficult for Da Fei to understand. In short, he did not receive any money now.

Since it was an intermediate level training, the difficulty would definitely have to go up a level. In order to ensure that he could save time once, Da Fei decided to use the internship teaching method. In other words, he would let them, who had learned Elementary Cannon Skill, personally go on the plane for combat. After all, it was impossible for a student who had never even seen a machine to suddenly become an intermediate. As for those proficient Cannon Gunners, of course, they would first sweep the floor, pull the sails, and adjust the taste.

Hence, Da Fei brought these little guys to the bottom level of the artillery cabin. The little demons cheered when they saw so many ballistae. They were eager to get into position, as if they had seen their favorite toy. Instantly, all 32 gun positions on the two levels of the artillery cabin were in place. The little demonesses without seats started pushing the little demonesses who had seats. The artillery cabin was in chaos.

Da Fei was anxious. "Calm down! Take it slow, one by one. Everyone has something to play with!"

The Banshee's eyes were red, and she didn't hear Da Fei's words at all. The fight became even more intense!

Holy f*ck! You guys are really devils! You guys are so competitive! Although it's a good thing, can't you just ignore the commander? We have to let them know who's the parent!

Da Fei shouted angrily, "Don't argue! Be quiet!"

The Banshee looked at Da Fei and continued fighting. However, they did not shout anymore. This silent fight was indeed very quiet! Da Fei did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Stop!"

The Banshee looked at Da Fei again and started biting him! As expected, there were no more hands!

What the heck! They could bite someone to death! Da Fei's expression changed as he shouted, "No fighting! Stop all of you!"

These naughty brats finally understood the human language. Indeed, there was no more internal strife.

Da Fei was so shocked that he broke out in a cold sweat. This was not a little sweetheart. They were all brats. In the end, demons were demons. Oseriman had once described the Abyss Blood Pool like this: When the tide receded, countless demon eggs hatched, and then the little demons killed each other and devoured each other to strengthen themselves. This was true! Perhaps because of the baptism of the storm, there were no countless little demons, so the Shura Blood Pool could not be seen. However, when it was time to fight for things, no one would show mercy.

He had to get someone to supervise them. Otherwise, when he was not around, they would fight for their positions and kill each other. It seemed like they were very obedient to the angel-like Sailville, so he could only continue to work hard as a nanny.

In short, the situation was stabilized, and the teaching began. The teaching method was, of course, to train people like Didi and Lilly, so that the little demoness could sit on the main cannon she controlled and shoot three consecutive shots. The other young demonesses in the cannon positions could shoot freely. Although SV Fly did not have a target on the way to the next Fiend Nest, letting them familiarize themselves with the feeling of the Ballista would definitely be beneficial to their improvement.

For a moment, there was a continuous rumble in the gun cabin. The little demonesses who were playing with the cannons laughed proudly. The little demonesses who were not firing their cannons stood in the cabin, clenching their fists tightly. Their eyes were filled with hatred and jealousy. Da Fei was shocked. This team was not easy to lead. Alright, quickly arrange for a few sailors to arrange a batch of spare parts for them to assemble.

Now, Little Goody, who was in Da Fei's main cannon position, had fired three consecutive rounds. It was about time to start.

— System Message: You used the "Banshee Artillery Sergeant" skill on the Elite Banshee. You failed to teach "Intermediate Study of War Machines"!

Da Fei was shocked. He started failing once he reached the intermediate level! This was troublesome! Fortunately, he did not deduct any money. It seemed like money would not be deducted during kindergarten. He would continue.

Failed again! Continue!

It was still a failure! F*ck! Could it be that the intermediate course was very difficult for these little brats to understand?

At this moment, SV Fly arrived at the next stop, on the island where the 61st Fiend Nest was located. It was estimated that air cannon fire was not considered actual combat and was not beneficial for children's comprehension. If that was the case, then let them experience real combat and see blood!

Da Fei immediately commanded, "All Ballistas, attack the Magic Nest!!!"

The demonesses cheered in unison. Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! The demons on the island were thrown into chaos! F*ck! Where are you fighting?

Da Fei said anxiously, "Aim for the Fiend Nest! Fiend Nest! The largest!"

However, how could the demonesses listen to him? They laughed evilly and tried their best to kill their own kind!

Da Fei was stunned on the spot! An army that doesn't listen to the commander-in-chief's orders, brother. This is the first time I've heard of it. The first time I've encountered it! Why is it like this? Did DeeDee and Lilly listen very obediently when they were young? They weren't this wild. Could it be that the soldiers who came from the Teleportation Formation were either wild children? Is there such a setting in the game?

On the other side of the warship, the Banshee, who couldn’t hit the monster, cried out in panic. If it weren’t for the fact that the Banshee in the middle, who didn’t have a gun position and could only play with building blocks, were eyeing their gun positions, they would definitely rush to the other side to snatch the cannon.

No, I can't play with them anymore. I have something important to do. Da Fei called the proficient gunner down again to replace them.

"Wahhhh!" All of a sudden, all the naughty brats on the ship cried out loudly and hugged the ballista tightly, refusing to come down.

Da Fei was dumbfounded again! This was the second time he had disobeyed the commander's orders! What was this? Was this the so-called unruly nature of elite soldiers? Or was the game setting them up as ignorant little kids?

Da Fei gritted his teeth. Fine, I'll play with you! As the saying goes, naughty children will grow up to be successful!

Besides, playing was the first motivation to learn. Since they liked to play with cannons so much, there was no reason they could not learn advanced skills! Then, they would continue!

The battle quickly came to an end. Apart from those who failed to hit the target, they were all killed. Blood flowed like a river on the island, and corpses littered the ground. Although the ballista of these young demonesses was very weak, they were still young children. They couldn't withstand the bombardment. Finally, there was nothing left to blast. The young demonesses began to bombard the Great Fiend Nest in the middle. The power was appalling! It was no different from a melee building for soldiers.

Alright, it was better to send troops to battle. Right at this moment, a white light flashed!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully upgraded the Elite Banshee Baby's War Machine to Intermediate. The attributes of the Elite Banshee Baby have been upgraded. Attack + 2, Defense + 1, Health + 3.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have developed a new type of soldier. You have learned Advanced Special Forces Training Skill!

— System Message: You have obtained information on Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines.

Haha! Wahahaha! After a few dozen messages, he finally leveled up to the Advanced Special Forces skill level! Whether this success was a coincidence, or whether it was the actual combat training that had nurtured her, or whether she had grown up over time and gained new insights, it didn't matter anymore. What was important was that the training skills had improved, and it would be easier to train them! With the first one, would the second be far?

More importantly, it was still free!

Da Fei immediately took out a pastry and shouted to the entire cabin, "Did everyone see that? She has improved in her studies, so she has good food to eat. You must study hard!"

For a moment, all the little eyeballs in the cabin looked over in unison, and then they cheered! Not bad, the devilish brat understood. He was indeed an elite!

Da Fei handed the pastries to Little Goody, who had both her hands raised high in the air, her face full of hunger. He patted her head and smiled. "You did very well. I'll reward you with a rest and a meal. Let everyone envy you!"

"Oh, oh!" The demoness happily took the pastries and got off the plane.

Oh yeah! Success! Da Fei was really afraid that she wouldn't be able to get off the machine. However, she had been trained so many times and had consumed a lot of stamina. She probably wouldn't be able to play anymore.

In short, the next one was in position. In that instant, the empty gun position was seized by a sharp-eyed demoness who was playing with blocks!

Da Fei couldn't help but laugh out loud. Although they were naughty brats, judging from their performance, they were completely different from those papaya-like NPC soldiers. They were troops with real souls!

White light flashed again!

— System Message: You used the "Banshee Artillery Sergeant" skill on the Elite Banshee larva. You successfully taught the Elite Banshee larva "Intermediate Study of War Machines"!

— System Message: You have obtained information on Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines.

— System Message: You have received information on Expert-level Special Forces Training Skill.

Wahahaha! One success! As expected, the upgrade of a level one skill was very different. In other words, there was no problem in training all of them to the intermediate level. The advanced level was right in front of them!