Chapter 156: Training The Elite Banshee

A city wall that could recover on its own, what a heaven-defying existence! Without a doubt, this was the power of the World Tree! This was a miracle! The cheers of the allied forces of hell did not even have a few seconds to celebrate before they were replaced by the Chinese players.

Now that the battle had returned to its original state, the advantage was still on Star's side. Perhaps the recovery of the World Tree was not endless, but it was enough as long as he could withstand Star's accumulation of enough Druid military power. After all, compared to a god-level creep like the Druid who specialized in magic, it was rather awkward for the Abyss Overlord, who specialized in fireballs, to engage in close combat.

— Boom! Boom! Another wave of flames exploded on the city wall. The NPC hero didn’t care if the city wall recovered or not. It would be a waste if he fought. He once again blasted the city wall with a green light.

"Fight, go!" The United States, who had been busy collecting intelligence, finally spoke up to encourage the troops. For the United States, he did not need to do anything. He only needed to say a word, or even a hint, to give his allies endless courage and confidence.

As expected, players from all over the world responded in unison. Like an orderly and rhythmic cheerleading squad, the entire battlefield channel was filled with: "Fight, go!" "Fight, go!"

Now, the entire world's attention has been drawn to this dry and thrilling confrontation: the magical cannon versus the magical city wall, who will win?

As for the Japanese server, they finally understood why China and India were so conflicted about this Banshee. In fact, wasn’t the cause of this Kingdom War misled by the Indian server? Wasn’t it because of this Banshee? Now that the Banshee has been surrounded and controlled by the Japanese server, we must get her! Instantly, all the Godly Heroes in the Japanese team leaned on the Banshee’s warship to express their goodwill and attempt to accept the mission.

For an ally like India, Japan’s actions were undoubtedly a form of betrayal and an insult! The entire Indian command centre was in an uproar!

In India’s view, Japan is not a sovereign country at all. Is there a sovereign country that has been garrisoned by foreign troops and monitored for decades? That is why India does not think highly of Japan. Now that Japan has made such a move, it is simply intolerable! It is time to teach the self-righteous Japanese a lesson. Don’t think that others will not dare to deal with them just because they have the backing of the United States! In fact, apart from China, everyone can attack Japan, including Taiwan. Reason? Too simple. If the United States continues to favor Japan, then use China to threaten the United States.

Therefore, a big country like India had the confidence to teach Japan a lesson! Not just for the sake of the Banshee, but for the sake of dignity! As for the outcome of the national war? Tsk! India's goal was not a national war from the start.

At this moment, Nehru's cell phone, which had been thrown to the ground, rang. The staff immediately picked it up and said, "Chief Minister, it's a call from that Chinese person you couldn't get through just now!"

"What is this despicable Chinese trying to do!" Nehru angrily took the phone and questioned, "Mr. Ma?"

The person on the other end of the line chuckled. "Ah, sorry, sorry. My phone was charging just now, and I only saw Mr. Nehru's missed call now. What's the matter, sir?"

Nehru had the urge to smash his phone again. However, at this point, the other party's motive was very obvious. For this Chinese person, no matter who his opponent was, as long as he caused trouble in the war, it would add to his team's presence in front of his countrymen. This was a scoundrel that he could not afford to offend.

So Nehru could only say, "I'm just here to greet you. What's the matter, Mr. Ma?"

The caller chuckled. "Let's crash into the Japanese server together!"

That was exactly what he wanted! Nehru raised his eyebrows. "Why don't you go yourself!"

"Our skills are not as good as yours! We want to learn from you!"

Nehru loved hearing that!

At this moment, the entire battlefield rumbled. A ray of golden light descended from the sky. Deirdre had leveled up! The city walls had leveled up! The clash between the two sides created a sudden change!

The first reaction of the Thunder Fire Dragon and Amir Khan was to check Dierdri’s upgraded attributes. Elementary Study of War Machines had been upgraded to Intermediate! Looking at the skill attributes that were broadcasted on the big screen on the wall, the Dragon Slaying Command and the Indian Command exclaimed! This NPC really knew how to use Skill Points! All the players who played ballistae knew that every upgrade of this skill was a qualitative leap!

Then what were they waiting for? They had already discussed how to crash into the Japanese server!

• • •

In the abyss’ blood pool, a waning moon hung in the sky.

SV Fly rode the wind and swept through the waves. The 50th Demon Nest bled profusely and collapsed. This EXP and Reputation were simply wasted! However, looking at the Demon larva growing bigger on the island, Da Fei could not help but feel shocked! The growth speed of this infant was too shocking, right? This must be the reason for the moon, right? At this moment,

— System Message: Congratulations! 44 young female monsters have joined your army!

Oh yeah! What should have come has finally come! Come on, all of you get on the deck to bask in the moonlight! Little sweethearts, grow up quickly, grow up to be white buttocks and big buttocks so that you can shoot!

Shortly after, Serbia smiled and led a group of bouncing sweethearts onto the deck.

Da Fei laughed and wiped off the sweat on Serbia's forehead. He said with concern, "You've worked hard. You did well! Go to your room and rest too!"

Serbia smiled. "Okay Captain, these little guys are too naughty!"

Haha, it's good to be naughty! I love naughty sweethearts the most!

Da Fei checked their attributes. Not bad! They were similar to what Didi and Lilly looked like when they were young. Of course, Didi and Lilly had leaped out of it many times through actual combat. Their success might not be replicated anymore, and he did not intend to replicate it anymore.

After many special forces training sessions, Da Fei had gained some insights. Firstly, the learning ability of the soldiers was definitely limited. The more skills they learned, the more disadvantageous it would be to the improvement of their skills. It would also be more disadvantageous to the learning of new skills. It was just a miscellaneous skill that was not good enough. This was probably the reason why it was difficult to increase the level of the Didi and Lilly Ballista.

In that case, these little Banshee who didn't know anything other than flying special skills were like a piece of white paper that was easy to make a big deal out of! Of course, he had to focus on training them to be cannon fodder. They didn't learn any Scout Pirates. Well, the main thing was that they didn't have that much money to learn.

Da Fei called a little sweetheart who was hugging the binoculars tightly in front of him. He touched her head kindly. "Come, Master will teach you how to shoot! If you learn well, you will have good food to eat every day!"

The young demoness nodded obediently.

— System Message: You used the "Banshee Artillery Sergeant" skill on the Elite Banshee larvae. You successfully taught the Elite Banshee larvae "Elementary Study of War Machines"!

— System Message: You received information about Advanced Special Forces Training Skill.

Oh yeah! I succeeded once and exploded the skill information again! My idea was right! If I want to upgrade the skill, I have to train more successfully and start from the basics!

Wahaha, I have dozens of sweethearts, enough for me to train my skills! Come on, I want to upgrade all of you from beginner to intermediate to advanced!