Chapter 153: Teacher, You'Re A Goddess!

Junwen

Da Fei brought Anwen to the door of an adjutant room. He opened the door, and a fluctuating spatial door appeared.

Anwen couldn’t help but be moved. “What an impressive spatial technology!”

Dafei laughed and said, "It did take a lot of effort. Teacher, please come in!"

As soon as the scene changed, a warm, sulfuric fragrance wafted over. The entire room was filled with red tents, jade cabinets, and exquisite fireplace ivory beds. The demon camp had arrived.

Anwen was shocked once more. “This is the Banshee camp?!”

Eh? Could it be that I also have something that can shock the old lady? Da Fei couldn't help but laugh smugly. "That's right. This is the Banshee camp. Didi and Lilly were summoned from here! There was originally a Banshee instructor, but now that the instructor has gone on a mission, the camp can no longer function—"

Da Fei checked the state of the camp as he spoke. Soldier quota: 0! It's 0! Da Fei's laughter stopped abruptly! His hopes were dashed like bubbles!

Da Fei could not help but let out a long sigh. This was not his territory after all. The Banshee on the island was not his population after all. This kind of unreliable thing would not work! However, he also knew that it was not reliable. Hence, the smaller the hope, the less disappointed he would be. That was why he gathered everyone here for the General Assembly of Thoughts.

Actually, Da Fei also had a few vague plans.

To obtain the enemy's troops, one of them was to fight with the enemy's heroes, which was to enter the battle mode and then defeat them. There was a chance of obtaining a small number of the enemy's lowest-level surrender troops. That was how the Abyss Overlord came about. However, it was obvious that the casualties were too high, which did not meet the expectations of Da Fei capturing all of them. Furthermore, the enemies were all monsters without a hero leading them. Even if the monsters were leveling up, they would not surrender.

In that case, recruiting wild monsters involved the sub-skill under the leadership skill, diplomatic skill.

— Diplomatic Skill: Hero has a certain probability of joining other neutral or hostile units in the wild before the battle begins. The success rate is related to the Hero Leader Skill level, the difference in military strength between the two sides, the opponent's morale and hostility, race camp and other factors.

Anwen was a retired teacher with master-level leadership skills, and an educator who won others over with virtue naturally knew how to use diplomacy.

Without a doubt, from the description, this skill seemed to be a godly skill. As long as they brought a large number of troops to clear the wild monsters spawned every week on the map, wouldn't the number of soldiers snowball? Was there a need to spend money to recruit soldiers? But in reality, the probability of this happening was very low! Public Beta players realized that sometimes, the more troops they brought, the worse the effect would be. The wild monsters would immediately flee upon hearing the news. Not to mention diplomacy, they couldn't even level up. And if they brought fewer troops, the wild monsters would immediately start fighting.

In short, this was a lucky draw skill that couldn't be counted on. Success was a pleasant surprise, but failure meant a huge battle. If the player had enough skill points, it could be considered a necessary skill.

Although he could not count on this skill, to Da Fei, who was currently focused on Flaming Heart, this skill could be considered a life-saving straw! It was like Stealth Sailing. When all kinds of unreliable combinations were combined together, it became slightly more reliable. This was the meaning of the Gathering of Wisdom.

Now there was a ripple in the barracks space, and Katrina and Serbia came in.

Katerina laughed and said, "Captain, I think we might as well treat this place as a luxurious conference room! Meeting here is more classy!"

Da Fei shook his head and sighed. He could not do this. He had not even won a battle and was already enjoying himself. This wind could not last!

At this time, Anwen, who was looking around, exclaimed, “I can’t believe this is the first time I’ve seen such a luxurious barracks.”

Dafei said in surprise, "Teacher, have you seen this before?"

Anwen nodded. “I was a soldier at the frontlines when I was young, and our troops have attacked many demon cities. I’ve seen many demoness barracks, but they’re just a room for a fire and a teleportation array. The Infernal race’s cultural values are different from ours. They actually don’t care about these luxurious facilities, or rather, low-level demons aren’t worthy of such luxurious facilities—oh right!” Anwen’s tone changed. “Who built your barracks for you?”

Eh! Da Fei could not help but be stunned. He was really stumped! This army camp was obviously built by Mayor Otheriman! However, how could he say something like this?

Da Fei had been in society for so many years. Although he was not doing well, he still had some common sense when dealing with corrupt officials. That was, there were some things that one could never know! Even his parents and wife could not know about it! Furthermore, this old lady was obviously a retired officer sent by the kingdom, so he could not complicate matters.

Da Fei could only chuckle and say, "I asked some archmages to help me repair it through my connections."

“Great Wizard!” Anwen laughed oddly after coming to a sudden realization. “So that’s how it is. It really is a demoness camp with the characteristics of a wizard. No wonder it’s so luxurious. We’re finally fated to meet today.”

Da Fei said in surprise, "What's a Mage's specialty?"

Anwen shook his head. “It’s not convenient to talk about certain things.”

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Her smile was so strange just now. It was obviously that kind of expression that older women often had! Could it be a story that had to be told between Mages and Banshee? I love listening to it! Especially now that I'm the only male here, and the rest are all my beloved concubines! Talking about such things in front of the concubines makes my heart beat faster just thinking about it! Otherwise, why would so many men like to tell dirty jokes in front of their female colleagues? Just say it directly, that's harassing their ears! That's another man's pleasure!

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Teacher, teacher! Don't worry, everyone here is an adult. There might be clues to a breakthrough."

Anwen laughed heartily. “Is she an adult yet?”

Da Fei hurriedly said, "She's a nun. She's not soft even when she's out of the mud! The secular world is cultivation!" Wahaha, telling dirty jokes to a saintess who was untainted by even a speck of dust was something that could make a man's blood boil!

Anwen laughed. “Actually, it’s not that exaggerated. In short, male sorcerers study demons, and demonesses are a private topic that can’t be avoided. There’s a saying that most men talk about women when they’re together. Young male sorcerers often exchange ideas with demonesses. After all, demonesses have unparalleled advantages and consideration compared to ordinary human women. They won’t get angry just because their master is a geek, and they won’t turn against him just because he’s poor. They’re ideal women, and they’re the most loyal companions of young male sorcerers on the path of cultivation.”

Da Fei nodded. "Yes, yes, yes!" Banshee was good.

Anwen shook his head with a smile. “At the end of the day, it’s just that demonesses have different values from us, and they pursue different things. In short, after generations of exhausted, passionate, and loving research, demonesses’summoning technology has matured and advanced. It’s far ahead of other demon disciplines for several generations, even surpassing the Infernals. This luxurious demoness camp is proof of this. This must be the reason why Captain could find someone to build a demoness camp so easily.”

What a "exhaust all my energy" research! Da Fei couldn't help but clap and praise. "Teacher, you're right!"

Anwen shook his head and sighed. “In short, I confiscated many demoness-related pamphlets from my former male students. In truth, the problem with demonesses is a major problem for us educators.

They are obsessed with Banshee when they are not strong enough. They don't know that Banshee is ultimately a demon. It's not something they can control with their energy. "

Da Fei nodded again. So that's how it is! This question really troubled the teachers. The teachers have worked hard.

Anwen said with a smile, “In short, I can summon demonesses with complete facilities and a target within reach, but I need special sacrifices.”

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Teacher! You're so great! But what's a special sacrifice?"

Anwen fished out a yellow booklet that looked like a manual and said with a laugh, “It’s usually the male mages’ life essence, but I suggest the captain use a treasure as a sacrifice.”

What a good Life Essence! Young mages do not lack Life Essence. This is indeed a good deal! I have a lot of it too! However, I should still use treasures!

Da Fei took out a huge bag of binoculars and said excitedly, "Is a C-grade treasure enough?"

Anwen laughed loudly. “These glittering treasures are too much for those children!”

Haha! Wahahaha! Teacher, you are a goddess!!!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']