Chapter 159: The Promise Ark Plan

Wanderer. There was a simple introduction in the previous text. It was one of the two main hero occupations of the Elf race. Every increase in the class skill level would increase the damage of the troops by 5%, 5% increase in Movement Speed, and an additional 10% damage to the enemy. Every increase in the player's level would automatically increase one Attack point, plus one free attribute point.

Elves were born to bear grudges, so rangers were best suited for PvP.

In the game, the main Hero jobs were restricted by the race camp. In other words, it was impossible for human novices to become Elven rangers or Druids. However, Da Fei had become a ranger as a human! And it was a part-time job!

How did he do it? Could it be that the vengeful spirit's hatred was so strong that it had exceeded the limits of the race? That's right, it was a hidden mission. Nothing was impossible! Furthermore, it was such a hidden mission. How many people in the world could dig out this hidden mission?

However, Da Fei was not a complete ranger. Firstly, he did not have any old enemies that dealt 10% damage to his attributes. Secondly, his class bonus attribute points were only half of an authentic ranger's. However, even if it was only half of the attribute points, it was still one level plus one Attack point. It was still much stronger than the current Advanced Voyager who only got one attribute point after leveling up three levels!

In other words, being a part-time ranger, even if he was only a beginner ranger for his entire life, meant that Da Fei would have one more Attack point every time he leveled up! Not to mention, he was even giving away a hidden sub-skill that dealt 10% critical damage to demons!

At this moment, he looked at the ranger icon in his skill bar and saw that his attack increased from 20 points to 50 points. Da Fei was so shocked that his breathing stopped! An additional 30 points of attack! An increase of 5% damage to the army with 1 attack. That meant an increase of 150% damage! Demons were everywhere here. If the 10% chance of the demon's aggro attack was combined with his lucky chance of launching an attack, wouldn't it crush kindergarten?

Da Fei could be considered an extraordinary Godly Hero just by being a part-time Navigator. If he was a part-time ranger, wouldn't that be incredible?

However, this ranger was temporary, which was the legendary experience first before paying!

What the heck! I can’t resist anymore! This means that I have to wipe out all the arachne nests! From the battle just now, the arachne nests will give birth to heroic units over time, and the battle will become more difficult. But I’ve also become a temporary ranger, so how can I not be incomparably powerful? I’ll just kill them!

Da Fei was determined to fight!

The current mission was to search the arachne nest. Da Fei immediately called Diddy and Lilly over. "I'll give you a difficult mission, but you must return safely…"

The two of them chuckled. "It's just a kindergarten…"

Alright, even though you guys are bosses with 1000 HP, you can't be too careless. It's hard to guarantee that there will be a character like Detective Conan in the kindergarten who will die from the glare.

Didi and Lilly split into two groups to scout the way. After that, it was time to train the Banshee Artillery.

• • •

The pool of light rumbled with thunder.

After accumulating a large number of druids, the main force of the Star ranks rushed out like a flood. The allied forces of hell were not blind, and countless fireballs whistled over. As lightning and fire, golden healing and dark healing interacted, the final battle officially began.

Raging Sea of Blood, who had been on standby for a long time, shouldered the hopes and responsibilities of his new partner, the Star Guild, and blended into the main force. Then, he quietly dived like a water ghost and launched a sneak attack on the enemy in the chaotic battle. Raging Sea of Blood's battle report once again became the highlight of the shocking battlefield.

In this game's first national war, Raging Sea of Blood was undoubtedly the biggest beneficiary. At the same time, he had established a cooperative relationship with the Dragon Slaying Guild and the Star Guild. He believed that the olive branch of the third major guild, Ninth Heaven, would arrive soon. This was a true practical benefit. It was on a completely different level from the game rewards brought about by small-scale conflicts like killing people to snatch merit points.

Then, he gained a huge reputation. In this sea battle, whether it was Starry or the so-called Godly Heroes from various countries, they all became mediocre. Raging Sea of Blood had truly become a world-class celebrity hero. He believed that this huge reputation would bring him huge benefits soon.

In short, no matter what the outcome of this war was, Raging Sea of Blood was the biggest winner. Perhaps, it was time to adjust the development route of the studio that started off with pirates robbing ships, just like a righteous pirate?

In this war that had nothing to do with them, the American Supernova team, who had been watching from the sidelines, had gathered enough intelligence from the various countries. It was time to adjust their strategy.

Without a doubt, the focus of the adjustment revolved around the two Chinese players, Duffy and Raging Sea of Blood. One had a giant warship from a few eras ago, while the other had a frogman special skill. Both of these situations were the nightmare of small and medium-sized ships at the current stage. Fortunately, these two continued the traditional Chinese tradition of "two tigers cannot share one mountain". Otherwise, if the two of them joined forces, the entire world would lose control of the sea.

Therefore, the United States had to enter the era of warships faster. However, this was easier said than done. Although the supernova battle team valued naval construction, they also valued the army. In short, the United States played a global strategy of advancing together. Then, they would follow the old rules and cooperate with their allies.

At this time, the captain of the Supernova team, Fordson, the real Captain of the United States, had made a hotline to his closest ally, Royal Ark team's old friend, George VIII. Don't doubt that this George VIII was not just a game name, he was really the crown prince of the royal family of England! The importance of this game was no less than that of the United States, so they had sent a crown prince and a Princess Mary to lead it personally.

Following the world-famous tradition of gentlemen in England, George VIII, who was only 26 years old, had a gentlemanly demeanor. At the same time, he was a world-class expert in horse racing, golf, and other fields. His every word, action, and hairstyle were all imitated by the youngsters of England. He was the well-deserved spokesperson of the national idol royal family.

Of course, British men were required to serve in the military, and the Crown Prince was no exception. When George, 18, enlisted, he was primarily required to go to the most difficult anti-terrorist front, so he became best friends with the then American second lieutenant, Fordson, an elegant, swan-like English man and a wild, beast-like American man. Until retirement, the two maintained a warm friendship.

At this time, George VIII was leisurely riding his horse for a stroll on the lawn of the manor in the morning. He wore a limited edition custom-made gentleman's hat-shaped gaming helmet on his head. He was also paying attention to this decisive battle in the China region that pulled the strings of the world.

The phone rang.

He smiled softly. “Good evening, old friend?”

The other party laughed out loud. "Oh! Every time I hear your voice, it gets better on bad nights! How about it, Noah's Ark project? Let's work together!"

George chuckled. "Old friend, shouldn't we have some time to talk? For example, sunbathing on the beach in Bali…"

The other party roared, "I can't wait! Quickly send your private jet to pick me up!"

The Noah's Ark plan was a super mission triggered by a British player in the Beginner's Village. This late-stage mission location involved the New World, so the mission had come to an end. Of course, the Beginner's Village that could trigger super missions was not an ordinary Beginner's Village. At the very least, it was a Beginner's Village on the level of Da Fei and Raging Sea of Blood. In other words, this British player was also a Godly Hero.

And Noah's Ark was a ship used by the legendary saints. Ordinary mortals did not have the right to touch it. In other words, the level of this Godly Hero was similar to that of a Great Demon like Saw.

Alright, let's not beat around the bush. This player is the Chief Knight of the Royal Ark Team, Lancelot. His background is a Level 7 Angel!

Don't be surprised. As the chief of a country, it was necessary to be cool and arrogant! In fact, it was precisely because he triggered this mission from the start that the British Area officially named the team "Royal Ark".

Of course, Lancelot’s identity is the top secret of the British Area, and only the closest American ally knows. To complete the Ark Plan in the New World Mission Area, the difficulty is not something that the United Kingdom alone can accomplish. It must be done with the help of the United States.

In short, in this world, there was still a super battleship that was being repaired. Da Fei's battleship was not the only one.

• • •

In the Pond of Light, the front line of hell was filled with lightning and fire. Behind them, they were being pushed around by their stupid teammates.

Under the protection of the players from the three countries, Deirdre returned to the Demon camp to report the battle situation to Mentor Hillier.

At this moment, Mentor Cyriel was soaking in the lava pool, constantly summoning fire elements to replenish the troops of the players who had returned from the battle. His body was charred black like charcoal, and his usual heroic bearing was gone.

Deirdre couldn’t help but shed tears. “Mentor, you really are like a candle in the wind!”

"This is our chance to enter the upper echelons of the Dynasty. We have to win this battle no matter what. Listen carefully. The elven superhero has caused great damage to the Pond of Abyss. It's none of our business how the angry Demon King deals with him. All we know is that we have to use greater results to appease the Demon King. You have to seize this opportunity."

Deirdre nodded blankly. “I know.”

At this moment, the golden barrier of the World Tree on the shore glowed, and all the magic towers on the shore suddenly shook.

Deirdre and the players were shocked.

Cyreal shook her head and said, "It's nothing serious. The captive flower demons on the watchtower don't have any energy, so they can't continue to corrode the barrier. Now that the battle is tense and there's no more sap from the World Tree to replenish their energy, let's execute these trash."

Deirdre’s brows jumped. “Sir, I have a way to get these flower demons to replenish their power. Give them to me, and I’ll make sure they work for me.”

"Do as you see fit."