Chapter 152: Discovering The Island Of Banshee

Now, the sailors carried a huge bundle of golden spider silk onto the landing ship.

The so-called large-scale prop was actually something similar to a ballista tent. The players could not directly put it in their equipment bags, so they had to transport it with carts or ships. In short, it was very inconvenient. The players generally did not like such big things, and inconvenient things often had their own unique tactical effects. For Da Fei, who had a large ship, it was undoubtedly a huge gain to add a treasure-level support tool to the ship. After all, SV Fly was Da Fei's second life now.

After a while, the troops finally returned to the ship and SV Fly set off again.

Anwen said in a deep voice, “The legendary demon god baptism is indeed extraordinary. The battle just now is proof enough. In short, we need to hurry up. Otherwise, these baptized infants will become stronger and harder to deal with.”

It seemed the old lady didn’t really support his efforts in farming the arachne nest. He knew he was wrong.

However, Da Fei still fished out the ice-like Elven Resentment Heart and asked, “Teacher Anwen, I obtained this from a former World Tree Guardian who had turned into a vengeful spirit. He’s very persistent in cleaning up the arachne nest.”

Anwen chuckled. “If I’m not mistaken, this garrison commander is Taranna. He’s a genius and conceited ranger in the elven kingdom for the past hundred years. Although the elven race has always been arrogant, his arrogance is enough to infuriate both humans and gods. In short, his insolence at a cocktail party angered the elven king, so he was sent to guard the World Tree. In short, his failure is both regretful and delighted. It can also be considered a lesson for all the students.”

— System Message: You received information about the Epic Hero Taranna.

F*ck! There's more information!

Da Fei said in surprise, "I thought it was a nameless Vengeful Spirit. Turns out it has such a background."

Anwen snorted coldly. “Such a proud person naturally has a lot of self-esteem. Of course, he doesn’t want to say his name, lest others laugh at him after his death. In short, we need to look at the bigger picture. There’s no need to waste time on a stubborn obsession.”

Da Fei sighed and said, "Teacher is right!" Damn it, I was almost cheated by this damn mission. However, the more difficult the mission, the higher the reward. Er, the reward for this + 1 ranger level cap is indeed very high. I can't take it. Let's focus on the big picture.

However, seeing that the old lady was also gloating over his misfortune, it could be seen that the old lady was also very displeased with him. Sigh, the elves were indeed vengeful.

• • •

SV Fly approached the 12th island. From afar, he could see a group of things circling above the island. Da Fei hurriedly took out his binoculars and looked. A flying Devil Boy? No way!

Anwen said in a deep voice, “The first batch of demon eggs has hatched. The quality of these baptized demons is indeed extraordinary! We must hurry!”

Da Fei hurriedly nodded. A strong sense of urgency arose in him.

The Blood Moon continued to be damaged as it flew. 20! 30! Experience and Reputation came in waves. It was still this easy. Wahahaha!

The 31st, what the heck, we meet again. It's another big island that the Ballista can't reach, and it's another troublesome spider demon nest! The difference is that all the giant spiders on the island have broken out of their cocoons and are wandering around the island, basking in the sun. They're all elite spider demons! Da Fei's heart couldn't help but tremble! There's nothing else to say. Pass!

Now, SV Fly was close to another big island. There was nothing to say. Pass!

Wait! Suddenly, Da Fei realized that this big island was different from the others. There were actually buildings on the island! What the heck, this was high-end and classy! Da Fei could not help but take out his binoculars to take a look. He was stunned!

Hey, hey, hey! What do you think I saw? There are so many little hearts with bare butts! That's right! This island is filled with young female demon spirits. They look exactly like when the Succubus Emperor first came out of the army camp! And they are even younger and more petite!

In that instant, a strong evil thought and an indescribable desire rose from Da Fei's heart. It was hard to suppress! What was Da Fei trying to do? Of course, he was thinking of something legitimate! If this so-called baptism could greatly increase the quality of demons, then these demon spawns must be elites, right?

Da Fei hurriedly shouted for Katerina to stop. Then, he rushed down the gun cabin to find Didi and Lilly. With reddened eyes, he pointed at the people on the island. "I want to capture all of them. Do you have any ideas? You have to think of a way! It doesn't matter if you use the net, charm them, or use the Flower Goblin to capture them—in short, you are the Banshee, right? You have to think of a way!"

DeeDee and Lilly looked at each other and stammered, "Master… we… can't do it…"

Da Fei's eyes reddened as he said incoherently, "Why can't you do it! Why can't you do it?"

The two of them shook their heads anxiously. "I just can't do it…"

Da Fei let out a long sigh! He began to miss Deirdre infinitely. Although she and Deirdre had grown to be far stronger than Deirdre, who was a Boss at that time, their knowledge reserves were on a completely different level. Deirdre's intelligence obviously surpassed the existence of the two Epic Heroes, Katerina and Serbia.

With three people walking together, there was bound to be a teacher for him. Da Fei could only turn his pleading gaze toward the third most experienced person—Anwen.

“Teacher Anwen, I want to capture these demonesses to expand the army. Do you have any ideas?”

Anwen didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. “I want to know how the captain obtained these two as a human.”

Da Fei sighed. "Of course, I have a Banshee camp on my ship!"

Anwen was astonished. “There’s such a thing?”

Da Fei was stunned. So she didn't know that there was a barracks on my ship? Ah! That's right, only the mayor knew about this barracks! She had rested when she boarded the ship and only woke up after Deirdre left. That meant she didn't know that there was a Deirdre on the ship!

At this time, Anwen shook his head and said with a smile, “I know how to kill them, but I really don’t know how to capture them. But since Captain has the first one, there should be a second one, so there’s no need to worry about a third one. How did Captain obtain them in the past? Can’t he get them now?”

Da Fei was stunned. In the past, Dierdre had been the instructor in charge of the camp. Now, the camp was useless. Of course—

Wait! Under normal circumstances, an army camp could still produce soldiers even without an instructor! It was fine as long as there was territory and population. Having an instructor would only increase the production and quality of the soldiers. The army camp in Hell was really too special. Even if there was no territory or population, they could still rely on the instructor to activate the teleportation of the Hell Gate! What the heck! I actually treated special abnormal things as normal!

In other words, wasn't there a territory and a population now? Although the population of this territory didn't belong to him, he had to give it a try.

Da Fei hurriedly invited the old lady to visit his camp. In short, he called Katerina and Serbia over and continued the long-awaited Demoness Camp Conference!