Chapter 151: Tough Spider Demon Insect Nest

The landing battle began.

The sailors put down the two landing boats on the scaffold. Each boat could carry 25 small units. Da Fei brought Serbia and 50 Druids ashore. As for the thousand plus Flower Goblins, Forest Goddess, and the two Succubus Emperors, there was no need to board the boat. Flying soldiers were good.

The island was densely packed with demon eggs the size of buckets wrapped in blood-red silk cocoons. When Da Fei's troops approached, the bucket-sized larva spider immediately broke out of the cocoon and attacked Da Fei's troops.

Then, there was the Magic Nest, which was several stories tall and constantly squirming like a black organ officer. It gave people a sense of oppression when they got closer. The Magic Nest should be a military-type building, right? Da Fei suddenly thought of the Sea Anemone King's building that he had planted on Undead Island in the Beginner's Village. Now, there was no trace of it in Da Fei's character control panel. It was probably left to fend for itself.

On the other hand, if a building had a high defense, it would probably be very difficult to move it, right? There was nothing much to say. Since they were already here, the army surrounded them. With 15 Attack Power, they forcefully demolished the building and scattered -1 damage.

What the f*ck! The game did not display -1 decimal damage. It took a few hits to accumulate -1!

As expected, the defense of such a building was astonishingly high. It was at least 300 points. Such a huge difference in attack and defense caused Da Fei's troops to only have 10% of their damage under normal circumstances! If the Ballista's damage was high to begin with, it would not have much of an impact. However, for ordinary soldiers, it was more than a headache.

Of course, even though it was a pain in the ass, the huge number of troops was still there. There was no need to specially spend time to assemble the siege engines. After all, assembling and dismantling machinery took 20 minutes. 20 minutes was enough for the regular troops to end the battle.

About six to seven minutes later, the HP of the nest, which had an unknown amount of 10,000 HP, was barely more than half. Da Fei was starting to regret this time-consuming operation. It had to be said that the total annihilation of the Jungle Hunters in this storm was a huge loss. It greatly affected the efficiency of clearing the area. However, even if there were Hunters around, it might not be much faster. In order to attack the city, heavy weapons or machinery were needed.

When there was only one-third of its HP left, it suddenly roared and spat out dozens of huge spider eggs at Da Fei's Druid formation. Once these eggs landed on the ground, they broke out of their cocoons and shot out dozens of giant spiders that were as big as cows. Instantly, all kinds of poisonous fog and spider webs appeared. Da Fei's Druid formation was instantly in chaos!

Da Fei was shocked! Elite monster! Isn't this a kindergarten? Why is there such a thing!

The healing golden light of Serbia and the Forest Goddess immediately flashed. Even so, when three elites attacked a Druid at the same time, they were instantly killed!

Boom! A bolt of lightning descended from the sky. Under the siege of thousands of Flower Goblins and the support of the two Succubus Emperors, the dozens of Elite Spiders were instantly destroyed, leaving behind the corpses of more than ten druids.

He looked at the battlefield, which was filled with wolves borrowing Da Fei's eggs and smashing them into pieces! Damn it, this was really too much of a waste of time. He regretted it! After this fight, he would not fight anymore.

A golden light flashed.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, used the Master-level Great Revival Spell and revived 16 Druid troops! The revived Druid troops are in a weak state.

Sigh, the demolition was already not good enough, yet it was still weak. In short, it was over! This Fiend Nest definitely wouldn't play any more tricks, right?

Finally, the Magic Nest let out a loud bang. It was as if a blood pool had collapsed, and a large amount of blood flowed out. Da Fei heaved a long sigh of relief. This deal was a huge loss.

Hm? Wait! There hasn't been a system notification for so long! Don't tell me I haven't finished fighting!

Da Fei was scared out of his wits. He immediately alerted the troops and retreated.

At this moment, a sharp hiss came from the collapsed mountain of flesh. Da Fei turned around in shock. A huge golden spider that looked like a truck crawled out from the mountain of flesh! Countless small spiders swarmed over!

Boss!!!

Ah pu! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! Why did the other Devil's Lairs just obediently accept their death? Was this how the Spider Demon's Lair worked? If it was just a solo Boss, he might not be able to defeat it. He also had two 1,000 HP Succubus Emperors! The problem was, what should he do with so many small spiders? Could he defeat them? Or should he lure them to the seaside and let the warship ballistae bombard them?

At this moment, the giant golden spider suddenly spat out a large mouthful of mucus. The mucus landed on the group of flower demons and exploded, filling the sky with white liquid. The white liquid instantly turned into silver spider silk, and all the thousand flower demons fell to the ground!

Da Fei was so shocked that his hair stood on end! What the heck, what kind of magic is this!

In other words, he could only fight to the death? If not, once he retreated, the system might decide that he was defeated and he might lose the thousand flower demons!

At this moment, a flame exploded in front of Da Fei. A huge Fire Bird flew out from the flame!

— System Message: Your subordinate hero used Grandmaster Arcane Spell “Summon Phoenix”! A Phoenix joined the battlefield to assist you in battle.

Old Madam Anwen’s voice came from the ship. “Captain, fight! I’ll support you!”

Da Fei's eyes jumped in shock. Summon the level-eight Phoenix! A spell that only Grandmaster-level Arcana Techniques could use! It could only be used once a day. The Phoenix's strength would increase with the Hero level! Old Madam, you're really high-class and impressive!

— Phoenix: Neutral Elemental Creature, Level 8 Soldier. Basic Attack: 33, Basic Defense: 33, Basic Damage: 30-50, Basic Health: 800, Attack Speed: 20, Special Skill: Flying Creature, Elemental Creature, Flame Spurt, Flame Shield.

Phoenix was the most special type of soldier in the game. It rarely appeared in the form of a wild soldier. Usually, it would appear as a summoned product of a Grandmaster Arcana Master, and its strength was closely related to the level of a Summoner. Therefore, its attributes all had a basic value. The Phoenix summoned by a high-level Arcana Master was, of course, powerful to the point of collapse, but its weakness was that once the Phoenix was destroyed, the Arcana Master would lose all of his magic power, so he would not easily summon the Phoenix in large-scale battles.

In short, was there a meat shield more reliable than a heaven-defying Elemental Creature like the Phoenix that had a Fire Shield? Although the old lady was only Level 30, the Phoenix she summoned was probably weaker. No matter how weak she was, she was still a Level 8 Soldier with 1000 HP. She had 70 to 80 Defense Points. As long as she could hold on for a few seconds, her army would be able to kill the Boss!

Attack! Gather fire to kill the boss first! Phoenix blocked the golden spider head-on, and flames and poisonous fog interweaved with a loud explosion! The Druid Legion’s magic bullets and the Forest Goddess Legion’s flying spears whistled out, followed by the Flaming Bullets of the two Succubus Emperors.

In just the first round of concentrated fire, Da Fei's troops had caused more than 1,000 damage points to the Boss! Looking at the large row of damage red words that appeared above the golden spider and Phoenix's heads, as well as the large row of "Venom is ineffective" notifications that kept popping up above Phoenix's head, Da Fei was so nervous that his heart was in his throat!

As a monster Boss, it was indeed not on the same level as his own Boss! Da Fei had to take back the joke of "I also have two 1,000 HP Succubus Emperors to fight"! Even if he faced the players' army, 1,000 HP Succubus Emperors was not safe.

At this moment, there was not much phoenix blood left, and the small spiders had already charged into the Druid formation and started biting!

Hold on! I have to hold on! Only a heaven-defying elemental creature like Phoenix could resist the boss’s poisonous fog. If Phoenix fell, the consequences would be unimaginable! And now—

Da Fei suddenly realized that the magic bar of the Flower Goblin army that was trapped by the spider web had been activated! That meant that the spider web's effect was starting to decrease. The Flower Goblin could cast spells now!

A godly move!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia expended all his magic power and used the Grandmaster Meditation Skill "Magic Coordination" on all the spell-casting units. All your spell-casting units + 1 temporary magic power.

In that instant, a thousand Flower Goblins flashed and cast their spells at the same time. A huge cloud of bees buzzed down from the sky of the battlefield. At the same time, the Druids flashed and raised the staff in their hands!

Elementary Wasp Swarm Damage = 3 + 8x mana, Advanced Lightning Damage = 32 + 15x mana. When this mana increased from 0 to 1, this meant that Da Fei's Flower Goblin troops' damage increased by three times, and the Druid's Lightning Damage increased by 50%! Such a heaven-defying instant magic output, if it did not succeed, it would not be kindergarten!

— Boom!!! The swarm of bees and lightning interweaved, and the small spiders that filled the field exploded like blood blossoming on the ground! The golden spider boss let out a blood-curdling scream and died!

Are you done yet!?

— System Message: You have destroyed the Demon Race's Nest, EXP + 60,000! Reputation + 100!

— Mission Hint: "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool" mission progress: Destroying 11 / 100 broods.

— System Message: You have killed the guardian of the Spider Demon Worm Nest and gained 70,000 EXP. You have obtained the large loot, “Golden Spider Web”!

— Golden Spiderweb: C-rank strategic treasure, large-scale hunting equipment, fishing equipment. It can restrict enemy movements in a tactical position and cannot be removed by magic. Players with large-scale props cannot carry it with them. It can be equipped on ships and placed on traps.

Looking at the large bundle of silk that was emitting a golden luster from the collapsed Fiend Nest, Da Fei heaved a long sigh of relief. He should be able to relax now, right? After all this trouble, he was in danger! Damn it, wasn't it just a fishing net? Forget it, at least he had some gains. It was just nice to be equipped on the support equipment slot of SV Fly.

Ships, like humans, also needed equipment. The equipment of a ship was usually the bow of the ship, the ram, the auxiliary sail, the lifeboat, etc.

Just then, a cold mist suddenly appeared in front of Da Fei's eyes. A sharp voice sounded. "Good job! But it's not enough! It's not enough to calm my hatred! No matter what, it's good! Kill them all, kill these maggots!! Wahahaha—"

— System Message: Your quest "Tree Sprite's Heart of Resentment" has been completed: Destroy the Spider Demon Worm Nest 1.

The cold fog disappeared, and the vicious laughter continued to echo. Da Fei was stunned on the spot! No matter what, it's fine. Can you not make me suffer! I don't want to fight the Spider Demon Insect Nest anymore! Damn!

…