Chapter 150: Discovered Spider Demon Insect Nest

Abyssal Blood Pool.

In the sky, there was a huge crescent. After the tide subsided, the blood pool in the abyss revealed countless islands of various sizes. Each island had a mountain of flesh that moved rhythmically like a giant heart.

After flying, he stopped at the water’s edge and blasted at a nearby mountain of flesh. With a miserable shriek, the huge mountain of flesh collapsed.

— System Message: You have destroyed the Demon Race's Nest, EXP + 50,000! Reputation + 100!

— Mission Hint: "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool" mission progress: Destroy 1 / 100 mother nests.

Da Fei laughed out loud! Simple, it was really too simple! Compared to killing the Insect Nest in the Pool of Light, this was clearly giving him EXP! Although the environment was special and he could not level up due to the pressure, he still had EXP. Once he went out, he would jump at least two or three levels.

Anwen said with a smile, “The kingdom’s definition of difficulty for this operation is ‘unsolvable’. The basic objective is to destroy 100 demon nests. In the kingdom’s opinion, destroying 100 demon nests will greatly affect the supply of demon soldiers and make up for the cost of this operation. However, if Captain can complete the mission in excess, there will definitely be more rewards.”

Dafei laughed out loud. "I love completing missions beyond my expectations!"

Anwen nodded. “But Captain, you mustn’t be careless. The demon race won’t allow us to destroy them wantonly, so there will definitely be countermeasures. In short, we should stop while we’re ahead.”

Dafei laughed and said, "Understood, understood!"

Compared to Da Fei's successful attack, the battle at the China server's Lake of Light was a bitter one. To be exact, it was a losing battle.

Defeat was inevitable, wasn’t it? The Infernal camp had their commander, Cyriel, who was willing to sacrifice her own strength to summon a Rank 6 soldier. How could a Rank 2 or 3 soldier from the Elven Kingdom defeat a Rank 4 soldier who relied solely on the players’ rations? Not to mention NPC Deirdre’s oppressive gunship. This was not a weapon from the same era as the Leaf Boat at all, was it? The battle between the Spider Demons and the Soldier Bee was also nearing its end. Both sides had suffered heavy casualties, and it would be difficult for them to take the lead again.

In short, even if the entire world channel was flooded with messages, China's defeat was inevitable.

At this moment, the water around the lake island rumbled once again. The roots of the World Tree at the bottom of the lake grabbed a large piece of rock and rose to the surface, forming a large water fence.

— Battlefield War Reports: The World Tree has activated its defensive wall! Warriors of the Elven Kingdom, please defend against the wall.

All of a sudden, the players in the China server were enraged! What was wrong with Little Bee at the reinforcement point? It was to reinforce the wall!

But there was nothing they could do about it. The situation was better than them. The leafy fleet of the China region fled back into the shelter surrounded by the wall. The tree roots of the island wall closed with a creak.

— Battlefield War Report: Elven camp defeated, morale -2 Hades camp won, morale + 1!

Oh, that’s right! The hellish fleets of the various countries that had reached the wall burst into fervent cheers. Of course, the Chinese and Indian zones were exceptions. Meanwhile, the World Channel of the Chinese zones did not lose its fighting spirit. All sorts of stars were cheering. With the stars holding up the sky, the viewership of the Chinese zones was overwhelming.

At this moment, how could the Ancient One Star, who was in the General Staff of the Elven Kingdom, hold on?

The Aeon Star hastily spoke to the Great Elder in the crowd. "Elder, the Infernal Tribe's soldiers are suppressing us. We need high-level soldiers too! Otherwise, we can't fight!"

At this moment, the Great Elder and the other officers were looking at a blood-red new map. They were rather indifferent to the battle at the Pond of Light.

I'll do it! Can't you guys put in more effort for the soldiers to exhaust themselves to death!

The Aeon Star cried out anxiously, “Great Elder!”

Only then did the Great Elder come back to his senses and nod. "What you said makes a lot of sense. We must also send a powerful force that can contend with them."

— Battlefield War Report: The Elven camp has opened up the reinforcement unit, Grade 4 Druids. The warriors participating in the Kingdom War can exchange their merit points for Druids. The units exchanged will be retained after the war.

All of a sudden, the Chinese channel exploded! The Druids of a Level 4 unit had been released! They were the most outstanding Level 4 units that could release lightning, heal high defense, and have high HP. Players were most afraid of the God-grade conventional troops that they yearned for! The Level 4 unit with the highest cost-efficiency ratio!

It was precisely because Druids were the strongest level 4 unit that they were also the most difficult to obtain. They were even harder to obtain than vampires, and players had to go through repeated missions. Of course, since the elves had little troops to begin with, the Druids naturally produced even less, so it was normal for them to be difficult to obtain.

At this moment, a green light shone on the center of the lake island. An NPC, the Druid military official, floated down and shouted, "Warriors, please come to my place to exchange for the elven elite troops!"

In an instant, the entire island was filled with cheers as they crowded over and cursed. Needless to say, it was very expensive!

However, for a big guild like Stars, they were not afraid of being expensive, but they were afraid of being out of stock! Stars had always been worried that the Hell race would bring back a level 6 soldier! Now, it seemed like they were the same. In terms of magical damage, the Abyss Overlord was actually not as good as Druids. The Abyss Overlord's position was still a strong melee soldier, which was not as useful as Druids.

If Stars could take the opportunity to accumulate a large number of Druids that were hard to obtain at the current stage, the benefits would be unimaginable. Hence, Eternal Star immediately instructed all the members of the guild to exchange for them. Then, he would gather the Druids that he had exchanged and equip the main force members first.

• • •

At this moment, the Hell players who had tied the score returned triumphantly to the camp to replenish their mana at the same time. Now, as long as the opponent defended passively, the Hell players could easily pollute the Pool of Light.

Deirdre’s first battle wasn’t stressful at all. Surrounded by a group of dragonslaying players, she returned in high spirits to report to her mentor.

At this moment, Cyriel was covered in black charcoal, no longer as imposing as before. He said gloomily, "There's bad news. The Abyssal Blood Pool was invaded by a superhero, and he's destroying it!"

Deirdre exclaimed, “Professor, didn’t you say Superhero fell in the blood pool?”

Similarly, the Thunder Fire Dragon was shocked. How strong was this Da Fei?

Cyriel shook her head. "No! Superheroes are far more powerful than expected! The Demon King is very angry now! Then, the Demon King will definitely ask us to attack the World Tree with all our might. This is a good opportunity for us to build up our strength. We have to do our best and not fail, or else the Demon King's anger will descend on us. Therefore, before the Demon King's attack orders are issued, I need to rest and recuperate. I want to return to the lava to recover my strength for the final battle. As for you, continue to perform well. Once you succeed, you will obtain endless wealth and power!"

Deirdre nodded, her eyes glazed over.

• • •

Abyssal Blood Pool.

SV Fly swept along the direction of the wind, and in the blink of an eye, ten Devil's Lairs were destroyed. It seemed like completing 100 basic mission targets was too easy. And now, in front of SV Fly was a big island. The position of the Devil's Lair in the middle of this big island was obviously not a place where the warship's ballista could reach, so they could only send troops to land and clear it.

However, time was of the essence. It would take a lot of time for the army to land. There was no need to look for trouble. They could just pass the mission. After all, the mission only depended on quantity and not quality.

When SV Fly passed by the large island, Da Fei suddenly saw a thick layer of spider silk on the densely packed Demonic Egg. It was obviously different from the other Demonic Lairs. Spider silk was the Demonic Egg of the Spider Demons, right? In other words, this blood pool produced many types of demons.

Suddenly, Da Fei remembered the "Tree Spirit's Vengeful Spirit Heart" mission in his backpack. (107 chapters). The mission seemed to be to kill the Magic Nest too. However, the Vengeful Spirit mentioned that it was to kill the Magic Nest of the Spider Demons. Wasn't the Magic Nest the mission target? To kill or not to kill?

Since he was already here, he would kill him! Even if the reward for increasing the level limit of the ranger class and + 1 was not for a human like him, at least it was a hidden mission discovered by the God-level Reconnaissance Special Ballista by chance. If he did not complete it conveniently, his thoughts would not be clear. At least the EXP reward would not be low, right? Anyway, with his current clearing speed, completing the main storyline mission would not be a problem.

Then prepare for the land war.

(I’m sorry, everyone. The unit’s preparation for today’s inspection is as tiring as a dog. Tomorrow’s official inspection will be the same dog!)