Chapter 165: God Tier Illusion Army Attacking The Island

The game of cat and mouse hadn't ended yet.

However, the old lady had already gone to rest. It was impossible for her to continue relying on Stealth Sailing to hide. Hence, there was only the most common way. The range of vision was poor. Da Fei's God-grade Reconnaissance Skill could see the other party, but the other party could not see Da Fei. Da Fei could hide in advance. The principle was very simple, but the actual execution was quite challenging. Da Fei admitted that he did not have the skill, especially when the other party's speed was faster than Da Fei's.

Hence, Da Fei did not dare to be careless. He stood on the observation platform and shared his vision with the entire ship, allowing Katerina to handle everything. This was the time to test the intelligence of the NPCs on both sides.

For a moment, SV Fly dodged left and right at the edge of the map, nimbly avoiding the pursuers' search. But when would this kind of hiding end? Old lady, have you rested enough?

Da Fei suddenly felt a little uneasy. The old lady had cast spells consecutively in the past battles, could she take it? What the heck! I don't care if she can take it or not. This is for the great cause of the Elven Kingdom. You must hold on! I am now kneeling in front of the heavens of the Demon World to pray for you!

Da Fei waited anxiously, but the Stellar Guild in the Pool of Light was also waiting anxiously! Where's the f*cking superhero? Hurry up and appear!

At this moment, the allied forces of hell had been consolidated, and the remaining troops were about to be gathered on the main force. The main force protected Deirdre as they bombarded the city gates. Those who didn’t have many soldiers returned to the city to be porters. They continued to transport the soil and pollute the Pool of Light, working hard to earn merits.

Deirdre’s siege Ballistas exploded one after another on the city walls. The tree roots on the city walls were trying in vain to recover and resist. The entire China region was praying for the stars. They were praying for a superhero to save the world!

• • •

Just as Da Fei was waiting anxiously, the message rang. He took a look. Thunder Fire Dragon.

Lei Huolong asked, "Brother Fei, what are you busy with?"

F*ck, I don't have time to talk about business with you now. Even if I have five million yuan in cash, I'm talking about Renminbi. Three million yuan is fine too. At least I can settle a house in Shen Dong!

Dafei said angrily, "I'm having trouble."

Lei Huolong replied, "Information on the world channel. Brother Fei, what do you think?"

Da Fei said in surprise, "There's information on the world channel? No!"

Lei Huolong smiled and said, "Brother Fei is indeed high-end. He is no longer in the same service area as us. Right now, Stars Guild is being suppressed by the various countries. They are all counting on Brother Fei to save them. When will Brother Fei return?"

F*ck! You're counting on me? Let the boss of Stars talk to me personally. The appearance fee is 10,000 yuan! I'm talking about Renminbi.

Da Fei didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "Count on me? Who am I counting on? What does Starry's business have to do with me? What does Starry's business have to do with you slaying dragons?"

Lei Huolong sighed and said, "I'm doing this for the sake of China. I hope Brother Fei can return immediately."

Pfft! Da Fei couldn't help but spit out. "China? CEO Lei, aren't you missing the word" district "? We're gamers, we don't have the right to worry about the Imperial Capital."

Lei Huolong said seriously, "I dare not forget about the country!"

Pfft! I can't take it anymore. I really can't tell that he's such a weirdo!

"That's right, that's right. You love your country and you're great! Anyway, I'm not free!" Da Fei was too lazy to argue with the weirdo and asked, "Oh right, how's the heroine?"

Lei Huolong sighed and said, "We've all been eliminated from slaying the dragon. We can't handle it anymore. In any case, I won't disturb Brother Fei anymore. It'll be difficult for Brother Fei to come and save our country! China is relying on you!"

F*ck! I'm kneeling to you! Anyway, as long as Deirdre is fine.

At this moment, Lei Huolong sent a screenshot of his conversation with Da Fei to Ma Yinglong. "Boss, there's a screenshot and J8!"

"Pfft!" Ma Yinglong could not help but spit out, "What f*cking position does he have that he doesn't dare to forget about the country! Let me vomit for a while first!"

"The boss will get used to it after vomiting!"

Ma Yinglong nodded. "Let's leave it at that. Give all the records of our conversation to the publicity department and keep them safe."

“Got it.”

What was the Thunder Fire Dragon trying to do just now? Of course, he was trying to trick Da Fei with his words! In the conversation, the Thunder Fire Dragon's words were tall, mighty, righteous, and full of positive energy. On the other hand, Da Fei did not seem patriotic at all. This was a trap!

That's right. As a famous gamer, he had to be careful when speaking to others in the game. If any inappropriate comments were to be screenshotted and exposed, and then hyped up, it would be an unimaginable blow to his reputation and credibility.

To the Dragon Slayer, this was an important way to defeat his opponent and also to promote himself. Hence, the Dragon Slayer would specially send people to do this. Was Da Fei a match for the Dragon Slayer? Obviously, the factions were different. He was a natural opponent. What if Da Fei was won over by Stars? It would be very difficult. Hence, it was necessary to create a record for an opponent like Da Fei.

In short, if necessary, he could use the weapon of public opinion to sow discord and attack his opponents, making them unable to survive or even survive in the Pugilistic World!

• • •

Now, SV Fly was wandering around the periphery of the arachne island. As the days passed, the old lady finally appeared. "I'm here!"

It's finally here! Are you testing Katerina's dog-walking skills? Da Fei was so excited that tears streamed down his face. "You should rest more!"

The old lady shook her head and smiled. "Time waits for no man. Anyway, I thought about it and thought about how this battle should be fought! Please gather all the Forest Goddesses!"

"Okay, okay!" Da Fei hurriedly nodded and immediately joined the old lady's team.

The old lady looked in the direction of the patrol team again and nodded. "Now, this old lady is going to play a big game!"

As she spoke, a demonic light flashed in the old lady's hand. At the same time, all the Forest Goddesses flashed with demonic light at the same time!

— System Message: Your subordinate hero Anwen used the Grandmaster Meditation Skill “Magic Coordination” on the Goddess of Forest Force! The Goddess of Forest Force received temporary Magic + 1

— System Message: Your hero, Anwen, used the Grandmaster Arcana "Illusionary Legion" spell on SV Fly! Your Forest Goddess Army used the elementary "Illusion Legion" spell on SV Fly!

With a flash of magic light, an illusion sailboat identical to SV Fly appeared.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. With the old lady's Grandmaster strength, she could have used an illusion on SV Fly. Then why did she use the Forest Goddess' basic illusion skill? In other words, this illusion was definitely above the level of a Grandmaster? God-level? No, no. It should be between a Grandmaster and God-level, right?

The old lady waved her hand and smiled. "Illusion SV Fly, let's go!"

Immediately, the Illusion Sailing Ship flashed and shot out like an arrow!

Da Fei's jaw dropped. "So fast!"

Anwen laughed loudly. “Of course the illusion is fast. How can we draw the pursuers away if we don’t hurry? That’s why we need to finish this as soon as possible!”

Da Fei was enlightened! Awesome! Too awesome! Although the Illusion Legion's magic could replicate the images of the troops, and the images could move around in a small area, such a huge illusion and such a long distance attack was simply unimaginable! God-level! It was definitely God-level!

Anwen said seriously, “Time is of the essence. Captain, let’s attack! Let’s change our strategy this time!”

"Old lady, I'm relieved to hear that!" Da Fei was so excited that tears streamed down his face. "Okay! Let's change the way we play!"

• • •

A bloody mist approached the arachne island. This was, of course, SV Fly wrapped in the bloody mist.

The sound of ballistae rang out in the bloody mist as dozens of crossbow bolts whistled through the bloody mist and killed the densely packed arachne elites on the shore. Although they were elites, they were able to fire one shot at a time under the bombardment of the expert-grade artillery demoness! Although they couldn’t be seen in the mist and could only attack randomly, it was difficult to miss the densely packed group.

Screams rang out all over the island as the giant arachne hero rushed out from the center of the island!

Da Fei ordered, "Stop shooting!" We can't alert the enemy!

This huge Spider Demon Hero rushed all the way to the beach and was instantly at a loss! It couldn't see, right? Spitting spiderwebs! Damn it! Da Fei laughed loudly!

The arachne was in a daze, not knowing that SV Fly was approaching in the fog.

“It’s time! Disperse the fog!” The old lady waved her hand again, and the bloody fog dissipated instantly! The reason it dissipated was so that the Banshee Cannon Gunner could focus on the boss.

The arachne finally saw SV Fly and spat out a mouthful of spider silk without hesitation.

"Fire!" There was no reason to miss such a huge figure. Da Fei took the lead with three consecutive crossbows. The 16 cannon doors that had been reloaded for a long time crackled as two rows of crossbow bolts shot out!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! With a miserable cry, the spider demon hero’s enormous body was blasted apart!

— System Message: You have killed the Spider Demon Worm Nest Guardian trial hero. The Spider Demon Hero's troops have been defeated!

Oh yeah! Da Fei laughed out loud!

Even a Level 8 Hero couldn't withstand my barrage of Ballistas, let alone a kindergarten class monitor like you! I see, it's true! Brother, you're too inexperienced! I shouldn't have sneaked around while the old lady was resting! I know I was wrong! Wahahaha!

The arachne soldiers who had lost their hero leader were nothing to worry about. Da Fei waved his hand. "Army land, artillery cover!"

The old lady laughed loudly. "Time is tight, let this old lady help Captain!"

— System Message: Your subordinate hero, Anwen, has used the Grandmaster Arcane Spell “Phoenix Summon”!

The flames exploded and a huge fire phoenix howled out!

Da Fei was in tears! Old Madam, it's great to have you here!

There was no suspense in this battle. Da Fei's troops went all out and ended the battle quickly!

— System Message: You have destroyed the Demon Race's Nest. You received 60,000 EXP and 100 Reputation. You received a large loot, Golden Spider Silk.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have defeated the guardian hero of the Spider Demon Worm Nest trial. You have won the battle. You have gained 72,000 EXP. Your Hatred Points in the arachne race have increased by 10,000.

— System Message: You have obtained the achievement "Victory in Battle Arena No. 10". Additional reward: Command Power + 10. You have obtained the achievement "Victory in Battle Arena No. 4". Additional reward: Command Power + 20. Hero Health + 20.

— System Message: After an intense battle, your elite Banshee troops have grown tremendously!

They won! Why didn’t they drop the scrolls? No matter, I don’t want the spider silk anymore. Resurrection unit, retreat!!!