Chapter 167: No One Is Allowed To Kill The Female Hero!

As soon as he returned to the Pool of Light, the entire world channel was filled with "Good luck!", "Rise", "Fight it out", "Charge together!" "If you don't charge, you're not Chinese!" It blinded Da Fei's eyes! What the heck, this was a message worth 100 yuan per message. How many tens of thousands would be sent to the gaming company every minute?

Suddenly, Serbia shouted, "Teacher, are you okay?"

Da Fei quickly turned around and saw that it was Serbia who was supporting the unconscious old lady. Da Fei asked in surprise, "Teacher, what's wrong?"

The old lady sighed softly. "I'm old and my magic power is exhausted, so I can only send you on this journey. Captain must defeat the Evil Demons and recover the Pool of Light. At that time, I'll ask someone capable to teleport the ship out."

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Teacher, don't worry! Serbia, quickly help teacher into the cabin to rest. We're here!"

The old lady nodded and remained silent.

From the looks of it, according to the background of the mission, the old lady was going to die, right? Looking at the old lady's back, which was like a candle in the wind, Da Fei suddenly felt tears in the corner of his eyes. Da Fei suddenly shook his head. F*ck! I won't hang up earlier or later. Now that I've completed the mission and finished teaching the class, I can hang up after the heat dissipates. I'll die a worthy death, right? Why am I sad?

A tear uncontrollably flowed out of Da Fei's eye. Da Fei looked up and sighed!

Da Fei was very snobbish and lawless when it came to gaming. He treated "human lives" as dirt. PvP players were never muddle-headed, but they were respectful and tolerant towards NPCs. Why? NPCs were the mainframe, the embodiment of the rules of the game. Respecting NPCs was respecting the rules of the game. You could gain benefits from it, and the more you paid, the more you would gain. Even if you were cheated by NPCs, there was no need to be angry with the computer. You could only blame yourself for being too lousy. Besides, NPCs could follow the rules of the game no matter how they cheated players. They would not cheat players to death.

However, it was different if the other party was a player. The illusory society formed by the internet was often crueler. The players had no bottom line, for example, Da Fei himself. In the game, players would fight for equipment Bosses, steal accounts, cheat accounts, and even take revenge in real life. The players would cheat the players until they died.

To Da Fei, being with an NPC was much safer than being with a player.

There was a type of person who liked dogs the longer he stayed with people, and Da Fei believed in NPCs the longer he stayed with players.

Without a doubt, Old Madam Anwen was Da Fei’s backbone during this lonely trip to the Demon Realm. She had trained this self-righteous rookie, Da Fei, and was a true mentor and friend in his heart. Now, her mission was over and she was about to leave. Da Fei was not a plant, so how could he be heartless?

Old Madam, thank you. Goodbye!

Da Fei calmed himself down and checked the surroundings of SV Fly. The radar was empty. Not far away from the tree roots, there was a huge row of oars. It was the Flower Goblin Battalion that he had arranged to capture the Abyssal Lord.

The army camp is still here! My Abyssal Lord is still here! Da Fei could not help but smile. Very good, I'll go to the army camp to collect a few Flower Demons. After such a long time, they should have produced more troops. This is the edge of the Pool of Light. I'll rest for a while to recover the mana consumed by the troops.

• • •

In the Elven Kingdom's General Staff Department, all sorts of NPC elders and officers were so anxious that their faces were distorted.

Suddenly, several officers shouted excitedly, “He’s back! Our superhero has returned triumphantly from the Demon World!”

The Great Elder, who was biting his lips so hard that they were bleeding, roared in excitement, "Great! This is great! Even the Demon World can't stop our superheroes, let alone the clown here!"

The entire command center cheered. "Victory is in sight!"

It finally appeared! The Eternal Star, which had been struggling for a long time, finally couldn't help but burst into laughter with tears streaming down its face. I'm the last one laughing!

Another officer shouted, "Superheroes have recruited 30 Flower Goblin troops from Unit 104!"

The Great Elder shouted excitedly, "Flower Goblin my ass! Forest Goddess! Activate the Yggdrasill contingency plan immediately and send the Forest Goddess to Unit 104! Our superheroes will definitely not have enough troops. Send as many as you can!"

“It’s the elder! Send the order to activate the World Tree’s emergency plan!”

— 'World Tree Emergency Plan activated, level one preparation!'

— 'World Tree Emergency Plan activated, level two preparation!'

The Great Elder hysterically stamped his feet and roared, “Prepare my ass! Activate directly!” As he spoke, his whole body flashed with demonic light, and his hair and beard flew vertically like a Saiyan’s transformation. For a time, the entire command post issued a creaking and violent tremor! It was the shaking of the World Tree! Yes, the General Staff was inside the World Tree.

Even though the Aeon Star was a public beta expert and did not know what the Forest Goddess was, just by hearing her name, one could tell that she was a high-class and impressive soldier that ordinary players could not even dream of. It was not difficult for them to not win!

Ancient One Star immediately gave the command post an order. "Victory is in sight. Attack with all your might! Don't stop!" At the same time, he yearned to see who this superhero that the NPC valued so much was!

• • •

SV Fly slowly approached the Flower Goblin Battalion and recruited 30 Flower Goblins. This speed was a problem. After all, the wind was not strong.

Da Fei looked around and saw a large number of Flower Demon Soldiers who had been subdued by the Spider Demon's reinforcements and were wrapped in spider silk. Oh well, my Artillery Battalion cleared out the entire battlefield and fought its way back to the battlefield. I have more than a thousand Flower Demonic Cultivators and I can only hold a battalion for a second!

Right at this moment, golden light flashed from the barracks, and a golden forest goddess flew out.

— System Message: A Forest Goddess has joined your army.

Da Fei's brows twitched. What's going on? Didn't they say that each camp could only recruit the Forest Goddess once? Just as he was feeling surprised, golden light flashed wildly from the camp. This time, a group of Forest Goddesses flew out!

— System Message: 12 Forest Goddesses have joined your army.

Da Fei's jaw dropped! What was going on!

The golden light kept flashing! Nine! Seven! 11! 15! For a moment, the Forest Goddess kept crawling out of the camp like dumplings and joining Da Fei's troops. Da Fei was so shocked that his mouth could not close! What the heck! Is the System giving me a cheat? Or am I keeping the reward for a battalion? Is this not reliable? Is it a reward for me returning victorious?

The golden light lasted for ten seconds before it finally stopped. More than 150 Forest Goddesses joined Da Fei's army. Da Fei's current Forest Goddess army reached 200! This was 200 Advanced Healing Skills! It was comparable to 10 Serbia!

Da Fei finally reacted and burst out laughing! Although he did not know what was going on, it was definitely a good thing!

At this moment…

— Battlefield Channel [Old Jiang]: All the players in the China server! Our superheroes have been dispatched. Victory is in sight. Kill the Banshee Hero with all your might!

The entire battlefield channel was in an uproar!

Da Fei was shocked. What? Killing a Banshee Hero? What the heck! No one is allowed to kill! I'll fight it out with you!