Chapter 163: The Ambush

The pursuers were about to arrive. Anwen summoned a large cloud of blood mist to cover SV Fly’s giant figure and left behind an illusion of SV Fly. Then, he left quietly before the pursuers arrived.

Escaping successfully! Da Fei heaved a sigh of relief.

It had to be said that in the system of Light, Darkness, and Destruction of Arcane Spells, Arcane Spells were indeed the most varied. However, the prerequisite was that one had to learn it skillfully. Otherwise, one would have to attack without attacking, support without support. Therefore, players were generally unwilling to learn Arcane Spells in the early stages.

Along the way, the old lady had explained the true meaning of Arcane to Da Fei many times through actual combat. She was really a good teacher and friend! Da Fei made up his mind that when he went out this time, he would definitely hire an Arcane sub-hero. Although Serbia could also learn Arcane, as a Light nun, it would consume a lot of mana to revive the entire army after the battle. There was no extra mana to use Arcane.

At this moment, Da Fei looked through the binoculars at the Wyvern Sea Monsters chasing after him, who were still on guard outside the fog. He could not help but feel shocked. There were a few NPC heroes riding on the Wyvern. It seemed like the main and secondary heroes were all present. This was something that normal monsters could not compare to.

As for those sea monsters, they were very similar to the Undead Naga that he had encountered on Dead Spirit Island. In short, it was obvious that they were very powerful and high-end. In the game, people who named themselves Guardians and Monitors were usually not weaklings. From the fact that there were not many of them, they were definitely Boss-level soldiers.

In short, this was definitely not an existence that he could fight against by force.

This was going to be troublesome! There was only one way, and that was to go into hiding, like the Thieves who would hide after stealing, and change their location after shooting.

The key was the speed of the "tower steal". The enemy's high-speed movement arrived in the blink of an eye. Therefore, the Banshee Artillery Squad had to end the battle quickly. The Luck Skill was unreliable, so there was only one way to temporarily upgrade them to the Expert level! Whether or not they reached the Expert level, they could just treat it as pre-school education since it was not expensive.

Da Fei went down to the artillery cabin again and started training!

• • •

Now, SV Fly had driven far out of the sights of the pursuers and arrived at a small island of the Devil's Nest. There was nothing to be said about this place. It was time to set off the cannons!

The Ballista boomed and the Fiend Nest screamed. Amidst the intense battle, Da Fei's Reconnaissance Skill called the police again! It was here!

Dafei said excitedly, "Let's speed it up!"

At this moment, rainbow light appeared above the heads of a few demonesses. They were lucky! Oh yeah! Luck was something that could never be relied on. When they forgot about it, it would arrive unexpectedly!

At this moment, the druid flower demon army on the deck did not hold back either. Three Berserk Thunder Bees used their magic power to end the battle.

Then, Serbia flashed with golden light and resurrected the dead Flower Goblin.

With a wave of Anwen’s hand, the sea of blood once again filled with mist. SV Fly took off once more! It was at this time that the ship suddenly flashed with red light!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your ship "SV Fly" has leveled up to Level 2! Ship durability limit + 500, Ship Defense + 20, Ship Maximum Speed + 1.

Da Fei was suddenly delighted. The ship leveled up? Da Fei hurriedly checked the attributes of the ship. That's right! It leveled up!

— Ship Durability: 2316 / 2816

— Ship Speed: 11

— Ship Armor Defense: 140 on the left side, 140 on the right side, 115 on the bow, 116 on the stern.

So that's how it is. Other than unreliable things like the Storm Baptism, I can also upgrade my ship by using skills like Vanishing, which require the participation of ships! Looks like I'll have to train more skills and level up more in the future. Wahahahaha! Come on, my ship has increased speed by 1 point now. I'm having a good time running!

Now, the Abyssal Blood Pool was playing a cat-and-mouse game. SV Fly had mysteriously destroyed several Devil's Lairs in this game, and the pursuers were actually making groundless accusations against Da Fei! This was the absolute control of a god-level skill! At this rate, completing the mission would be a daunting experience without any danger.

However, Da Fei's heart was in a mess. It was not difficult to steal an ordinary Magic Nest with this tactic, but it was impossible to deal with an arachne island that required landing. Could it be that he had to give up? Was his temporary ranger going to be used just like that? What the heck! Unwilling to give up, really unwilling! The more Da Fei thought about it, the more his balls shattered.

Sigh, come on. In life, there are gains and losses. Let go when you should. As long as I can safely complete the mission and return, it will be my greatest victory.

• • •

At the Pond of Light, when Dierdre blasted out the last camp, and the human ladder of the Indian players placed the last ship of flower demons in place—the decisive battle erupted! That's right, the decisive battle that the Dragon Slayer Guild had planned for a long time! The Dragon Slayer Guild mobilized all the players from the Chinese region and the Infernal Race to PK the Indian Japanese players!

In that instant, the world exploded! Although everyone knew that the Dragon Slaying Guild would deliberately cause trouble, they did not expect that the Dragon Slaying Guild would be willing to pay such a price to PK with their allies in the same camp! Furthermore, it had led so many Chinese players to PK! Did they not know that the punishment for PKing with allies on the battlefield of the Kingdom War was much more severe than normal malicious PK? Did they not want to protect the level 6 Abyss Overlord from the start?

Fifty Lan from the Japanese server immediately called Dragon Slaying and asked, "Mr. Ma, are you giving up on our friendly partnership?"

What a joke. When the war broke out in the China server, there was no cooperation to speak of. Ma Yinglong smiled and sighed. "It has nothing to do with me. We can't go against the public opinion. There is too much pressure in my position. However, I hope that in the future, in the New World, without any social interference, we can still work together."

Fifty Lan said angrily, "Mr. Ma, you go back on your words and are fickle-minded. We can't work together. We will find a new partner!"

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, "Our Dragon Slaying Guild is an international guild. We welcome Mr. Fifty Lan to change his mind anytime!"

"You have already lost your credibility in front of the world. No one will acknowledge your international status. You will be punished by the entire world!"

Ma Yinglong laughed and said, "Then there's no other way. We can only sell the gold coins to our partners who are willing to cooperate with us.”

Fifty Lan snorted and hung up.

That's right, there was a world-renowned industry in the Chinese gaming world: the "gold farming studio"! In the words of foreigners, it was called "Goldfarmer", a gold farmer, or GF. This was a Chinese specialty. Foreigners generally did not do this kind of hard work, because the salary of any cleaner in the European and American countries was only one or two thousand Euros, and no one was willing to do it. If they wanted to pay gold, they might as well be a cleaner. A cleaner could also train their body, while a gold farming studio would become more useless the more they stayed at home.

But it was different in China. This income was equivalent to more than 10,000 yuan a month. How many unemployed teenagers would join in! Initially, Mitsubishi worked with the Dragon Slayer in hopes of obtaining a large amount of gold from the Dragon Slayer.

Therefore, with Ma Yinglong's gold farming studio in his hands, it was like the United States had the US dollar as a financial weapon. He was very confident.

To Dragon Slaying, the forces of Hell were too weak. In addition, ordinary players wanted to protect the Abyssal Lord with their own interests, so they could not obtain enough merit points to control the situation. Therefore, the Epic Mission that Thunder Fire Dragon received first was stolen by someone, so it could only cause trouble. PvP India and Japan could give a satisfactory answer to the local public opinion, show the world media the powerful organization and boldness of Dragon Slaying, and also possibly snatch the Banshee. Even if they could not get it, they would not let others get it.

In short, he had to find a way to make his presence known on this world stage! Even if it was just a temporary worker making a toilet at the edge of the stage, as long as he could attract the attention of the entire world, it would be victory!

The sudden attack of Dragon Slayer made the allied forces of the various countries heave a sigh of relief. Compared to a bomb that could explode at any time, an explosive bomb was no longer a threat—kill the traitor first.

All of a sudden, under the call of the Japanese region, the allied forces at the frontline immediately rowed their boats back to encircle and kill the dragon. Of course, Stars Entertainment would not miss this opportunity. The battlefield entered its final frenzy!