Chapter 166: Return From The Abyss Blood Pool Graduation

Junwen

When SV Fly set off again, the red dots of patrolling soldiers appeared on the radar again. They were late! Because of this, Katerina was able to avoid them with her poor visual distance and pass by the edge of the map.

Now, he had saved the magic power of Stealth Sailing. More importantly, he had gained more time. After all, activating Stealth Sailing would greatly affect the ship's speed.

SV Fly broke through the waves and sped toward the last Spider Demon Island at full speed. The old lady continued to make use of the time to rest while Da Fei seized this precious time to enter the gun cabin and try to break through to the Grandmaster skill level. Although the battle just now was extremely easy, the EXP was unimaginably high. The Banshee had grown again. As long as it grew, there would be endless possibilities.

The laughter of the Banshee rang out from the cannon cabin. Da Fei was suddenly delighted. This was obviously not the normal behavior of ordinary soldiers, right?

A storyline! It must be a special storyline! It must be similar to the scene before Didili reached adulthood. This was definitely a sign of adulthood. It was definitely a grandmaster opportunity!

Da Fei walked into the cabin excitedly and saw the group of high school students laughing and chasing each other. The brats who bit each other's teeth when they were young were now as close as sisters? However, how long did it take for them to grow up? It was only the time of a movie! The heavy feeling of time changing suddenly filled Da Fei's heart! I hope time stops here. Don't grow up, don't grow old!

“Master! Welcome, welcome!!” Seeing Da Fei appear, the group of white darlings cheered and crowded around him excitedly. “Master, master, we have a new invention! Master will definitely like it!”

New invention? A skill they learned before they reached adulthood?

Dafei said excitedly, "What new invention?"

The Banshee pointed at the ballista. "We'll place the binoculars on the ballista's aim and kill the enemy more precisely!"

What? Da Fei hurriedly looked at the ballista. As expected, there was a telescope at the position of each ballista! What the heck! Big sniper rifle?

— System Message: You received information about the new Ballista!

New Ballista? Da Fei hurriedly checked the attributes of the Ballista. He saw that the special skill of the Ballista was "Repel". Behind "Piercing" was an additional "Precision Strike!"

— Precise Strike: Can ignore the target's defense to a certain extent.

Da Fei was stunned! That worked!

That's right, if the System said it was good, it was good! Although all players knew how to use the telescope, the problem was that the System did not admit that it was a skill, so it was useless even if it was stuck. Only this kind of special plot would count!

At that time, when he saw them using binoculars to look for the arachne heroes hiding in the sand, he felt that they were very smart and cute. But he didn't expect them to develop a new type of ballista! Amazing! Too amazing! This is their power, and even more so my power! This is the victory of my children's pre-school education! Brats are indeed promising when they grow up! It's simply unreasonable for me to not be a grandmaster!

Da Fei was so excited that his whole body trembled as he laughed. "Good! Everyone did very well! I'm so happy, so happy! Haha! Wahahaha!"

The demonesses were overjoyed. "We'll be happy if Master is happy!"

Da Fei said excitedly, "Come, Master will teach you the skills. You must learn them well!"

"Yes, Master!"

A white light flashed. Finally, a long line of system notifications from nature arrived as expected. The grandmaster messages that had been flooded a thousand times finally bore fruit!

— System Message: You used the "Banshee Artillery Instructor" skill on the growing Elite Banshee. You successfully taught the Elite Banshee Baby "Master-level Study of War Machines"!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have broken through the limitations of your skill. You have successfully comprehended Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have trained a new type of soldier. You have learned "Master-level Special Forces Training Skill".

— System Message: Your elite Banshee unit has officially reached adulthood. You have learned the Race Skill "Chain Shot". You can name this unit again.

— System Message: You have obtained the assembly formula for the new Ballista. You can name it yourself.

— Elite Banshee (Nameable): Elite-level small-sized demon. Attack: 30, Defense: 20, Damage: 15-23, Health: 320, Attack Speed: 11, Fire Resistance: 75, Magic Resistance: 50, Command Value: 6. Special Skill: Flying Creature, Charming Spell, Chain Shot, Master-level War Machine, Ballista Master.

• • •

Haha! Wahahaha! Success! I've finally succeeded! I've learned from nothing and learned from nothing. In terms of mastering the special forces skills that no one else has, I've become a master! I even managed to upgrade my Ballista to a Grandmaster along the way! A Ballista Grandmaster! Legend has it that during the Open Beta, a foreign player obtained the Grandmaster's information by continuously spending money to develop high-tech Ballistas. In the end, after the Open Beta ended, he was reduced to a pauper without any results, but I really didn't spend much money to find another way to achieve results!

I'm too awesome! Why am I so awesome? I'm just that awesome! Wahahaha, I'm just here to see the precious babies that I've painstakingly raised. Ah! They're really so big! It's a pity that I have to take care of my image and my Dragon Body!

Looking at the attributes of this Banshee, Da Fei gasped!

Even though their stats were between Level 6 and 7 and were far from the 1,000 HP boss form of Didili, none of that mattered. What mattered was that they were Master Artillery Squad!

The damage of the Ballista was equivalent to the Artillery Chief's attribute point, the basic damage of the Artillery Chief's Ballista. The basic damage of the Master Ballista was 6-7. Their Attack was 30, Defense was 20, Total Attribute was 50, Total Damage was 300-350! And an Angel's HP was only 300! The Master Ballista's 30 Attack was just enough to offset the Angel's 30 Defense. It was just enough to kill an Angel with one shot! Including the two consecutive shots, this damage was definitely not something a normal soldier's physical body could withstand! Not to mention that he had opened all 32 cannon doors. Even if a building with 200 Defense points and above could reduce 90 Damage, how many rounds could he block?

Wahahaha! I've thought of your names. Cannon Emperor! En, time is tight. Training target next!

• • •

At the Pond of Light, there was another explosion of flames. The speed of recovery of one of the city walls could not keep up with the speed of destruction. With a loud bang, a gap appeared. With a flash of golden light, Deirdre leveled up once again. The allied forces of hell cheered. The Chinese players of Stars looked gloomy and anxious, and the world channel was filled with curses. Of course, they were not scolding Stars, but the Merika region where they were cursing "cheating". After all, Stars could be considered to have handed in an answer that was not qualified but still acceptable.

At this moment, in the command center of the Elven Kingdom, all the NPCs were anxious. They were all waiting for the return of the Superhero, but the Superhero refused to return. The Great Elder bit his lips, and his eyes were bloodshot.

The NPCs could no longer control the situation. Perhaps they had no choice but to make final considerations. The Aeon Star had convened a command center meeting to prepare for the final tragic show of a life and death struggle. It was necessary to draw a heroic epic ending for Star’s performance. Of course, it would be best if Superheroes came out to save or even turn defeat into victory at the most crucial moment.

At this moment, Unrivaled Soldier, Unrivaled Super Hottie, and a few of the newly recruited computer players were dejected and speechless.

In this battle, not only did they not get any kills, they even lost a small amount of gold coins from the opposing faction. The Druids that exchanged for merit points had also gone down the drain. Now, they wanted money, but they did not have any merit points. The university student's entrepreneurship had encountered its first setback.

Finally, Dawei couldn't bear it anymore and asked, "What are we going to do in the future? Are we really going to pick up rubbish?"

The soldier coughed dryly and said, "After we go out, we'll first form a team to clear low-level dungeons for a few days. Then, we'll save up money to buy a medium-sized ship with 100 cabins. We'll take turns to run merchants and then slowly expand."

Those computer science majors immediately said unhappily, "Then what's the point of playing? It's boring, not coming!"

The soldier said anxiously, "F*ck, we're not playing. We're doing business!"

"Alright, alright, career! We're just gamers. We don't intend to earn money through gaming. Anyway, we'll level up after we leave. We won't fool around with you guys anymore."

The soldier said anxiously, "Why are you doing this?! We agreed on it when we came!"

Dawei waved his hand. "Forget it, forget it. Let's not talk about it anymore. Everyone has their own aspirations! It's not everyone's fault that we didn't do well."

The soldier said angrily, "What do you mean we didn't do well? It's clearly the Americans—forget it, just take it that we bought a rubbish stock and admit our bad luck!"

For a moment, everyone was silent again. The student entrepreneurship that had just been established was about to collapse after a setback.

Another cannon blast sounded outside the city, and another section of the city wall collapsed. The crowd on the island could not help but stir again. At this moment, the channel rang.

— Battlefield Channel 【 Heavenly King 】: Sorry everyone, I am the Heavenly King of Stars. Firstly, I want to apologize to everyone. We did not lead the China server to defeat the Hell Area. As the person in charge of the war zone, I was in the wrong. Now, we might not have any hope of turning the situation around, but we will not sit and wait to be slaughtered. We can at least do one last thing. That is to destroy the NPC hero who attacked the city. That hero only has one life. Even the foreign server wants to hire her. We cannot let them off easy! The remaining forces of our entire Guild of Stars will sacrifice her at all costs. Those who are willing to come, attack together!

Instantly, the entire island was in an uproar. "Go! F*ck!" "We can't let the foreign region succeed!"

— Battlefield Channel 【 Heavenly King 】: Thank you, everyone! Please wait patiently. Our main force will charge to the front and carve out a path for everyone. It's all up to you!

The world channel was in an uproar again!

• • •

At the periphery of the last arachne island in the blood pool of the abyss, SV Fly was on the opposite side from the patrolling soldiers. They must have left them far behind on the other side of the map. Could they still hear the cries for help from the arachne island?

But to be safe, the old lady still decided to create illusions. She had just used magic power coordination and could only rely on Serbia now. It was really good to have a disciple!

The old lady called Serbia to her side and laughed. "I have to admit that I'm old. After this, I can't hold on anymore. I have to save my magic power and return. From now on, it's up to you young people."

Sigh, the old lady really couldn't take it anymore. Da Fei hurriedly said, "Teacher, please don't force her! If you really can't take it, we'll go back now." Alright, he admitted that he was too hypocritical. He had indeed tormented her along the way.

The old lady smiled and sighed. "I don't care, but I can't delay the future of you young people. The ship is a good ship, you must keep it!"

Dafei laughed and said, "Teacher, don't worry, I will definitely protect it."

The old lady nodded. "Let's begin then!"

The same tactic was about to happen. Although there was nothing new about it, the once successful strategy was the mature and stable one. The difference was that the artillery under Da Fei's command was much more powerful. When the Boss was beheaded and killed again, these artillery troops also acted as regular troops and poured out their firepower.

There was no suspense! With a miserable cry from the arachne hive, the final message flooded out!

— System Message: You have destroyed the Demon Race's Nest. You received 60,000 EXP and 100 Reputation. You received a large loot, Golden Spider Silk.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have defeated the guardian hero of the Spider Demon Worm Nest trial. You have won the battle. You have gained 840,000 EXP. Your Hatred Points in the arachne race have increased by 10,000.

— System Message: You have obtained the achievement of "Battle of the 11th Battles". Additional reward: Command Power + 10. You have obtained the achievement of "Battle of the 5th Battles". Additional reward: Command Power + 20. Hero Health + 20.

That's all? Da Fei waited anxiously for the next sentence!

As expected, a cold mist appeared in front of Da Fei and laughed maniacally. "You didn't disappoint me—"

Da Fei heaved a sigh of relief. It's finally here. You didn't disappoint me! Why did I go through so much trouble? It's all for you! Hurry up and become a temporary employee!

The cold fog continued, "I am Taranna. Perhaps this is an unwelcome name, but it doesn't matter. You have inherited my will to hate. To be able to do this is enough to prove my genius and greatness. If you are interested in becoming a ranger, you can go to my hometown, Alanto. You have redeemed me. You are the first person worthy of my gratitude. Thank you. May my will to hate kill everyone for you! Farewell!"

The white fog disappeared.

— System Message: You have completed the "Tree Sprite's Resentful Heart" mission. You are a Primary Ranger!

— Mission Hint: You received Taranna's information.

Da Fei let out another long breath. Not bad. To be able to turn a human into a ranger, you are indeed great! I sincerely admire you. If I have time, I will go to your hometown. I finally have no regrets now. I finally graduated from the Abyss Blood Pool.

Without saying anything else, he quickly revived the troops and ran away!

Now, the teleportation circle on the deck of SV Fly was shining brightly. The old lady was sweating profusely and using her last bit of strength to support herself! Da Fei broke out in cold sweat when he saw this. Old lady, I know you must be scaring me! If the NPC says you can, then you can, right?

A red light flashed on the screen, and the Blood Pool Patrol arrived again! Their appearance was like a shot of adrenaline. The old lady shouted, and the huge body of SV Fly flashed with white light! Da Fei's vision blurred, and the scene changed!

— Boom! A huge splash was heard. The familiar pool of light had arrived! Oh yeah! I'm back from graduation!

In just an instant, the entire world was flooded with messages, blinding Da Fei's eyes. Damn! The world was indeed very chaotic!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']