Chapter 169: No More Fun!

Looking at the demoness who soared into the sky and flew into Da Fei's arms, the entire battlefield exploded.

So this demoness could fly! Xingchen finally realized what a joke she had done! But why did this demoness fly into his arms?

It turned out that the Banshee’s main affection level was on this person! The Indian and Japanese districts, who had always been suspicious of each other, also realized what a ridiculous thing they had done!

You're finally back! Da Fei laughed out loud with his heart in his arms! Human, can you earn enough money to level up? I was wrong! Da Fei deeply regretted what he did in the past.

Deirdre giggled. "Master, after my studies, I've become a trial hero. When I reach Level 50, I'll be an official hero!"

Da Fei nodded excitedly. "I know, I know. I'll definitely let you reach Level 50 safely!" Humph, he had accumulated close to 10,000,000 EXP now. Once he left, his level would soar!

Deirdre smiled again. "In order to welcome Master's return, I successfully rescued thousands of flower demons from the watchtower. Now, they are all placed in the thirty or so barracks that were cleared out!"

— System Message: You have completed the side quest "Pond of Purification", "Save the enslaved Flower Goblin". You have gained 1,000,000 EXP! Your reputation among the Flower Goblins has become "Respect"!

— Mission Tip: Congratulations! Your reputation among the flower demons has changed to reverence. As long as the territory you have built matches the living conditions of the flower demons, there will be flower demons who will come and live there!

Oh my! This is such a pleasant surprise! I can't even think of a way to do this, yet she managed to do it undercover. This is a good thing that comes in pairs! As expected of my darling. I'm so worried for you. It's worth it!

Wahahaha! Someone's wild laughter was so ear-piercing in this battlefield that was the focus of everyone's attention! The curses in the world channel also stopped because of the Banshee Hero's embrace. The intense crossfire battlefield also stopped temporarily at the same time. Everyone's eyes were focused on the huge ship in the center of the battlefield. This power was enough to dominate the battlefield! Everyone was thinking about what to do next.

At this moment, Ancient One Star was extremely conflicted. Even though there were many things he wanted to talk to him about, what was he doing earlier? Having lost the initiative, it was obvious that he was begging for mercy. If his conversation were to be made public, where would he put his face as the guild leader of the number one guild? In any case, the foreign countries didn't treat him as one of their own, so he might as well take advantage of the situation.

For the Infernal camp, the chances of winning were very slim. The only thing they could do was to do what Starry did just now. No matter the cost, even if they had to gather the strength of thousands of players, they had to sink this huge ship! They could not let him return to the Surface World! For the Japanese Indian district, the feeling of being humiliated and fooled was intolerable! This was an insult to the country. Even if the other party was powerful, they had to "shatter jade" with him!

At this moment, a strong wind blew. The sails shook because of Deirdre's return. The 30 over battalions that were cleared out by Deirdre were officially retrieved by Da Fei. The ancient wind from the top of the ground blew at the Luminous Pool once again. As expected, the wind followed the dragon, the wind followed the tiger! I was just worried that the sailboat wouldn't be fast, wahahaha!

Da Fei smiled coldly in the face of those restless Underworld battleships. It was time to show the people his Chinese heart. He wanted those greenhorns who only knew how to spew shit to shut their mouths! Of course, he knew that some people would definitely shoot black guns and kill red names behind his back if they didn't like his battleships. The cannon door on his left was waiting for them! However, with your current state, even if you wanted to attack me, you wouldn't have the ability!

At that moment—boom! A flame exploded on a huge oar boat that had lost its players, and a burnt figure appeared.

All the players of Hell couldn’t help but exclaim, “Sir NPC!”

"Traitor, why did you betray me?!" Cyriel's appearance was not cool, but his authoritative voice still resounded throughout the battlefield!

Deirdre's face changed. "M-Master… why are you here?"

Cyriel said angrily, "I would do anything for this battle! Why did you betray me? Why don't you have faith in me?"

That’s right, Cyriel had taken the initiative to fight! He had continuously exhausted his strength to summon fire elements to replenish his troops for the players, but he was only left with Level 30, which was just enough for him to enter the barrier. Or rather, the reason why he had continuously exhausted his strength was so that he could personally enter the barrier and complete the mission that the Demon King had placed high hopes on him. His appearance made the despairing troops of the various countries suddenly feel excited! Perhaps this powerful mage could throw a fireball and send the wooden ship flying?

Feeling Deirdre trembling in fear in his arms, Da Fei was suddenly shocked! Banshee had always only recognized the strong as the leader. Before he officially dealt with her, anything could happen!

Yes, let's talk nonsense with him first. When he's focused on talking, I'll enter the shooting range and instakill him! Even a Warrior Hero with a Level 8 Armament background could not withstand a round of attacks from me, let alone a Mage-type Hero that has dropped to Level 30.

Da Fei hugged Deirdre tightly and provoked Cyriel. "Everyone else is improving and becoming stronger. You are getting weaker. Who would be blind to have faith in you!"

— Pfft! Many players spat out a mouthful of sh * t!

Cyriel roared, "Die!" His charred body burst into flames once again, and a huge fiery red spell formation suddenly appeared above the pool of light. Countless burning flames shot down from the spell formation!

Meteor Shower! Everyone was shocked! The players from the Hell race shouted loudly! Da Fei peed on the spot!

F*ck! This guy knew that I was going to kill him, so he used such a wide-range attack. This way, even if he hits me, I still can't reach him!

Meteor Shower, Master Damage = 50 + 25x mana. Its power was not as strong as fireballs of the same level, but its attack range was extremely large. Furthermore, this Hirel was an Epic Hero. His mana, his auxiliary skills, and the enhancement of his equipment were enough to increase the power of Meteor Shower to a rather terrifying level! More importantly, when Meteor Shower fell from the sky, there was no way to dodge or block it!

No, it could still be blocked! Da Fei immediately pulled Deirdre and ran into the cabin!

— BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!!! SV Fly's flames flashed and shook violently. The white light of countless Chinese players dying soared into the sky. Hundreds and thousands of green leaf boats burned fiercely. The entire Pool of Light battlefield was a sea of fire! The world channel was in an uproar. Other than the Japanese Indian players, the players from the Hell Race were all screaming excitedly!

— System Message: Your Flower Goblin troops have suffered 1,800 Mana Damage. The Flower Goblin troops will receive continuous damage from the burning flames.

— System Message: Your Druid troops have suffered 575 Magic Damage. The Druid troops will receive continuous damage from the burning flames.

• • •

— System Message: SV Fly has suffered 1,800 Mana Damage. SV Fly's durability has decreased by 1,800. SV Fly will receive continuous damage from the burning flames.

— System Message: Warning! SV Fly 2 mast sails destroyed, SV Fly's rear cabin is on fire, SV Fly's bow is damaged!

How did magic deal damage to buildings? It depended on the attributes of magic and the materials of buildings, as well as the parts of buildings that were attacked by magic. Rocks were afraid of ice, steel was afraid of lightning, wood was afraid of fire, and crystal buildings were afraid of earthquakes. In short, fire was the death-killing wooden ship! Originally, the left and right sides of the battleship were heavily equipped with iron armor, so they were not afraid of ordinary fireballs, but what could they do against meteor showers?

Ah! Da Fei was so shocked that he almost vomited blood!

My ship only has a total of 2,800 HP. Who would dare to say that one shot is not enough! Not to mention the next shot, this fellow actually relied on a sub-skill to "ignite" the enemy, and not the meteor shower itself that was not very powerful! However, who would dare to say that his 1,800 Damage Dealt was not very powerful? F*ck, this is the work of a Level 30 Hero! How strong is his basic stats? No! It's not that he's strong, but my ship is too fragile! Which normal ship doesn't have tens of thousands of HP! Even a Boss has more HP than my ship.

At this moment, Katerina shouted, "Water, fire, sand, extinguish the fire! Change the sail and repair the ship!"

Da Fei was so scared that he almost peed his pants. He also shouted in surprise, "Healing Team! Run away from the battlefield at full speed!" As for where he could escape to, Da Fei did not even think about it. The thing a person who was on fire most wanted to do was to jump into the swimming pool. Damn it, the system cheated! An NPC like you came out to fight a battle between players! In short, Starry, I'll leave this awesome NPC to you guys. I'll escape!

A burning ship came and went in a hurry. Under the shocked cries of all the players, it fled deep into the dark underground and became a moving lighthouse!

Cyriel was charred black again, and he coughed out a mouthful of lava. "What are you waiting for? Attack!"

The players from Hell shouted, "Victory!"

The Hell Race’s giant oars were lined up in a row. They were like unstoppable cavalry as they charged towards the lake island that had been breached by many cities. In the face of the powerful NPCs, the Chinese region had no way of resisting.

Amidst the world's curses, the island's resurrection point was lost! From now on, every player who died in the China server would not revive the island but be eliminated!

In the General Staff Department of the Elven Kingdom, the ups and downs of life, great joy and great sorrow, were all experienced by them. Superheroes were ultimately no match for the old heroes of the other side, and the defeat was set.

The Aeon Star said, "Elder, flip the table!" The Aeon Star wanted Da Fei to burn the ship and face the wind again. That's right, Da Fei had a bad reputation and was not under his control. He was unreasonable and killed so many people from his guild. It was better to let him capsize the ship. Without the ship, what was he?

The Great Elder’s eyes were wide with anger as he kicked the Radiance Pool’s map table, “Stop playing, activate the Ancient Storm!”