Chapter 160: Useless Flower Goblin?

Da Fei had always wanted to rescue the Flower Goblin captives on the watchtower, but he could not. The Devils used the special magic circle on the watchtower to restrain them and absorb their energy. Then, they used it to break the barrier of the World Tree. The Flower Goblins that lost their energy were fed with the sap of the World Tree absorbed by the Beetles in the Pool of Light. After recovering their energy, they continued to be squeezed by the Devils. In short, a virtuous cycle was used again.

Now that the Kingdom War had broken out, Da Fei had cleared the battlefield in the early stages of the war, and in the intense battle now, a large number of beetles had been wiped out. There was no longer enough sap of the World Tree to restore the Flower Goblins. Hence, she had directly executed them.

But now these thousands of exhausted flower demons were spared from death and fell into the hands of Deirdre, who had gained her trust. These thousands of flower demons, who had lost their ability to fight, were piled up like goods in the open cargo hold of a total of ten giant oarsmen. What was she trying to do? How was she going to use these flower demons?

The high-end players from the three countries immediately smelled the scent of the Favorability Mission. Perhaps, at the end of this war, this was the last chance to end the battle. Hence, they squeezed forward and said, "Sir, do you need our help?"

Deirdre was overjoyed when she heard that. She waved her hand and laughed. "I'm just a student of a mentor, not a senior officer."

"In my heart, Miss is already a senior officer!"

The Japanese player's tone was even more shocking. "With my help, Miss will definitely become a senior officer!"

Deirdre smiled sweetly. "It's great to have everyone's help. It's a pity to kill these flower demons directly. I'll try to use them as a waste. It's even better if I succeed. It doesn't matter if I fail. So please help me transport—"

Before he could finish speaking, the players from the various countries rushed to the ship of the Flower Goblin and took their positions! That's right, everyone was an expert.

Now, Deirdre led the Flower Goblin fleet into the Pool of Light, and the other players continued to escort them from both sides. The fleet left the main battlefield far away, which was a relief for the others.

For some reason, it seemed that the Indian players and Japanese players had joined forces again and were starting to ostracize the Chinese players. Perhaps they had privately spoken on the phone or quickly reconciled with the United States. In short, the brief cooperation between Dragon Slaying and India was over.

The reason was very simple. Japan and India still had to split up their forces to fight at the frontline, while the Chinese players did not even go to the frontline to join the battle at all. With a large group of five-star red flags following Deirdre, it was obvious that they were going to fight at any time. How could Japan and India not panic?

Deirdre arrived at the root of a flower demon camp that hadn’t yet been contaminated by the thick smoke. The flower demon camp above had already been subdued by the arachne reinforcements and was wrapped in a thick ball of spider silk.

— Boom! Boom! Boom! The ballista fired twice! The huge silk ball exploded, and the spider in the silk ball let out a shrill scream! In that instant, Deirdre’s name turned red!

The crowd was in an uproar!

What was she doing? Was she hitting one of their own? According to the rules of the battlefield, this kind of situation where there was no accidental injury should be defined as betrayal? But the favorability did not change? Perhaps this was a necessary way for her to make use of the Flower Goblin? For a moment, all the players looked at each other in confusion!

— Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Amidst the continuous bombardment of the ballistae, the huge silk cocoon peeled off, revealing the Flower Demon Camp that was borrowed by wolves.

Deirdre shouted, “Trash, this is your last chance to return home alive. If you can return home, then return. If you can’t, then die at your doorstep!”

For a moment, the flower demon instructors in the cargo hold moved. They were stronger than ordinary flower demons. They struggled and flew into the barracks. They collapsed, and at the same time, a weak green light flashed in the barracks. This light was clearly the symbol of the World Tree providing energy to the barracks!

So that was how it was! Most of the players present were experts. Of course, they knew that the barracks could recover the soldiers' stamina and health. Although this method was very suspicious of betrayal, so what? Everyone's goal was to woo her. What she wanted to do was not only to support her fully, but also to help!

The Indian players reacted immediately. With astonishing speed and coordination, they immediately formed a "crowd" human ladder and carried it up from the boat on the water to the camp on the tree! Then, the people below the human ladder continuously transported the flower demons on the ship to the camp!

"Wow!!! That works too!" "Hacking!" All the players were shocked!

That's right, this was Brother San's unique skill. He conquered countless audiences in the military parade every year! They could use a motorbike to carry more than ten people and instantly combine them into the Peacock Bright King's battle style. It was extremely cool and arrogant!

The Chinese players led by Dragon Slayer were dumbstruck when they saw Brother San. They felt that they were not playing the same game and felt inferior and depressed. It seemed like they had no choice but to use the old method. After everything was done, they would use their red names to clear the stage!

With the help of the Indian players, a camp was quickly filled with hundreds of Flower Demons. As more Flower Demons entered, the surroundings of the camp began to flicker with a faint green light. The recovery speed was obvious.

Deirdre was very happy. “Thank you everyone, the next target!”

For a moment, the Indian players were celebrating. Needless to say, the favorability of the Indian players increased! The Thunder Fire Dragon gritted its teeth in hatred.

Now, the main battlefield was in full swing, and the Deirdre fleet in the corner of the battlefield attracted the puzzled gazes of the teams from all over the world. What was a main force superhero doing here instead of joining the battle? How important would this be to the entire battle?

Although it was hard to guess, in the Indian region, the Japanese region had already begun to send more people to reinforce Deirdre’s fleet. The purpose was, of course, to prevent the players from the China region from revolting. This was more or less a relief for the pressure on the main battlefield, the planet.

• • •

In the blood pool of the abyss, the blood moon in the sky was like a curved hook. At the same time, on the other side of the sky, another crescent moon slowly rose from the sea.

It turned out that there was more than one moon in the Demon World! In other words, under the illumination of the two moons, the Evil Demon students in the kindergarten would increase their strength at least twice as fast! Da Fei finally understood what the old lady meant when she said that the longer it took, the more disadvantageous it would be.

Oh right, why did the old lady take so long to rest? Was she really tired? Would she be alright? Da Fei felt uneasy.

At this moment, a green dot rapidly approached on the map. Didi had returned!

Da Fei hurriedly exited the cabin and asked, "How is it? Did you discover anything?"

Didi nodded. "I found it. Very strong!"

It was better to be strong! Those who knew how to drown would be stubborn! The reason why he could not rush up to the expert level was obviously because the students' bodies were not strong enough. They needed to rely on a big battle to temper themselves!

Da Fei waved his hand. "Let's go!"