Chapter 162: The Blood Pool That Rises Overnight

Junwen

Just as Da Fei was looking at the scroll and sighing emotionally, the old lady went forward and sighed. "Captain, is there a need for this?"

"Ah, Teacher, you're done resting!" Of course, Da Fei could not say that he was doing this to complete the mission of that person who did not have good relations with others, so as to prevent the old lady from being disgusted. He could only cough dryly and say, "This, the arachne is extremely powerful and is extremely dangerous. It's really a huge threat to the kingdom. Even in its infancy, it's so overbearing. What will happen once it reaches adulthood? This child cannot be left alive!"

The old lady sighed. “So that’s how it is. After being baptized by the demonic god, the arachne truly can’t be underestimated.” She then looked around the battlefield and up at the sky. Her expression couldn’t help but change. “Captain, how’s the progress of destroying the nest?”

Da Fei coughed dryly and said, "I've only destroyed 70 of them, but it will be very fast down there."

The old lady frowned and said, "Captain, we have to hurry. Although we don't know what will happen, it will definitely become more troublesome."

Of course I know it will get more troublesome! Da Fei nodded repeatedly. "Don't worry, no problem!"

Alright, let's make the best use of our time. In the end, time was wasted because of the naughty brats. As the commander-in-chief, I can't be like a parent who spoils her child. This won't do either side any good. The Enlightenment and Development period for Intelligence has already passed. It's time to let them know discipline. Later, if anyone is disobedient, I'll send a proficient weird uncle to take her down. At that time, we'll see who still dares to be disobedient!

However, after the battle just now, they had comprehended Ballista Master together, which meant that their attack power had doubled, and they could finally replace proficient gunners in the field of physical attacks. Speaking of which, it was no wonder that they could not break through the threshold of advanced skills no matter what. Was it because there was still a sub-skill in the middle that they had not learned? This was very similar to the advanced reconnaissance skill of a scout with a stealth skill?

In short, after this battle, they could finally break through to the expert level, right? Then they had to hurry!

Now, the remaining troops began to attack the Magic Nest, and Serbia began to revive the troops that had died in battle. Then, unable to exert any strength, they began to meditate, and the revived troops began to rest weakly. In short, it was troublesome! However, this was the benefit of being the victor. No matter how miserable the victory was, as long as they won in the end, their losses could be compensated.

This was because this game encouraged players to fight with all their might, regardless of the cost for victory. This was also the reason why the Revival Spell, which was supposed to be a God-level skill, was reduced to a Master-level skill. Everyone could learn it.

At this moment, another green dot flew over from the small map. It was Li Li, who had gone to the other side to scout.

She also brought good news. “Master, we’ve discovered the arachne lair! It’s extremely powerful!”

Of course, he knew that it was extremely powerful! In other words, apart from the one she had discovered, there were at least two more arachne nests passing by, and they were quite far apart.

It seemed like this revenge mission could not be completed in a short time. He should prioritize the big picture first. First, he had to fill up 100 ordinary Magic Lairs. This way, if he lost the game, he would at least complete the Main Plot Mission. En, it was mainly because another scroll dropped and another huge sum of money was earned. Da Fei's mentality instantly calmed down. His brain, which had been stimulated by the temporary ranger, also calmed down. In short, it was still the old lady's woman's opinion. The one who could get it was himself.

Finally, the arachne hive collapsed with a miserable cry.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, destroyed the Demon Hive. You received 60,000 EXP and 100 Reputation. You received a large loot, golden spider silk.

— Mission Hint: "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool" mission progress: Destroying 70 / 100 broods.

— System Message: Your quest "Tree Sprite's Heart of Resentment" has been completed: Destroy the Spider Demon Worm Nest 3.

Golden spider silk again. I already have three bundles! Alright, I'll just catch fish along the way when I'm running for business in the future. But why didn't the vengeful spirit come out to talk this time? Was it afraid of meeting someone familiar? Or was it that it fully supported my temporary skills and didn't have time to come out? En, it doesn't matter.

After a period of busy work, the exhausted troops finally returned to their ships. At this moment, two crescent moons shone in the sky. This battle had consumed too much time.

Now, SV Fly was heading towards the next Spider Demon Hive. Of course, he would first clear out the normal ones along the way. Da Fei immediately went to the gun cabin to carry out military management. However, as soon as he entered the cabin, his vision turned white! Damn, these brats had already grown into slender and budding girls! They were the pink fungus among the demonesses!

"Master! Welcome!" Once these Banshee saw Da Fei enter, they immediately surrounded him, pushed him, squeezed him, and threw themselves at him in all kinds of ways!

Ah! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of Blood Essence. This was the legendary Wine Pool Forest! Wahahaha, Da Fei rubbed his left hand and right hand. He hated that his hands were not long enough. He wished he could transform into a tentacle monster! Everyone said that girls were sensible at an early age. Indeed, now that they were fighting for favor, would they still worry about not listening to him?

Da Fei laughed. "Everyone, don't be anxious. Master is going to teach you skills. Once you learn, you will be Master's precious. If you can't learn, Master will beat your little ass!"

The demonesses screamed. "Okay! Okay!"

Wahahaha, as expected of an elite. He can even say simple short sentences before he becomes an adult. When he becomes an adult, won't he be rubbing me until I bleed?

— System Message: You used "Banshee Artillery Sergeant" skill on the Elite Banshee. You failed to teach "Expert-level Study of War Machines"!

Da Fei was stunned! Failure? Could it be that he had to grow again? Forget it, he had to spank his ass!

Da Fei hugged the little demoness to his knees and laughed. "You didn't learn! Raise your butt!"

The little demoness cooperatively raised her buttocks and said, "Ah!"

Oh! I haven't even hit her yet, but she's already screaming so happily. Wahahaha, I—Pa!

"Ah!" The surrounding demonesses also cried out in unison.

Da Fei was overjoyed! Wahahaha, awesome! I'm—Pa!

"Ah!" Another chorus of * * *!

Wahahaha, Da Fei was so happy that his soul almost flew out of his body when the entire artillery cabin suddenly fell silent! Hm? Why aren't they shouting anymore? Da Fei touched his buttocks and looked at the entrance of the artillery cabin. He saw Serbia blocking the door with a cold face.

F*ck! My son is not allowed to be seen!

Serbia frowned and reprimanded, "Captain, your behavior is too indecent!"

— System Message: Warning! You did something that seriously did not match the character of the sub-hero Serbia. Serbia is very dissatisfied with you. Serbia's loyalty is -10!

Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood. Such a small matter can reduce so much loyalty, is there a mistake?! In the end, being a sub-hero does not equate to a player's permanent private property. Once your loyalty is too low, you will run away. It seems like when Serbia joined, it has always been 70 points of loyalty. It has never increased! Which part of me is not to her liking?

Serbia shouted at the demonesses again, "What are you all doing? Get into position!"

The demonesses lowered their heads and silently took their positions.

Da Fei's jaw dropped! F*ck, are you afraid of her or me? Yup, you're definitely not afraid of me. Sigh, it seems like calling Serbia over as a nanny was a mistake.

Da Fei coughed dryly and said, "Everyone, prepare for battle. We have to listen to the command this time."

Serbia came in front of Da Fei and stared at him. "Captain, we should put their clothes on when we get out!"

D * mn! Wear clothes? How can I do that! Absolutely not! Da Fei's eyes darted around, not daring to meet her gaze. He nodded repeatedly. "Ah yes! Wear clothes! Water soldier uniform, I like it the most!"

We are the Water Soldier Moon. On behalf of the moon, I punish you! Beautiful woman transforms! Wahahaha!

Serbia rejected immediately. "No, wear nun's clothing!"

What the f*ck! Are you kidding me? What's there to wear in this kind of old maid uniform! Da Fei laughed and said, "Alright, alright! I'll just fix the female uniform! Holy!"

Serbia nodded and said solemnly, "Captain, please take note of your image!"

Da Fei nodded with tears streaming down his face. "Yes, yes, yes!"

Da Fei was afraid. He could not play the harem game anymore. What was this called? He had given up a forest for a tree! Sigh, this tree was too high-end…

• • •

Now, SV Fly was approaching a small island along the way. At this time, many flying demons and demonic children were flying on the island. It seemed that with the passage of time, the ordinary demon nests would no longer be helpless and allowed to be slaughtered.

There was nothing much to say. I have thousands of Flower Goblins and Godly Hero teams leading me. I am not inferior to any wild monsters on your island. Let's fight!

For a moment, the ballista on the side of the ship crackled, and the bees in the sky danced in the air. The Druid magic bullets on the deck whistled, and countless flying magicians fell to turn into EXP.

At this moment, the red warning light exploded!

— System Message: Warning! A powerful enemy is approaching you, please be alert!

Powerful enemy? Da Fei was shocked. He saw two red dots approaching rapidly from afar on the radar map! Why was this speed so powerful?

Da Fei hurriedly took out his binoculars to take a look. In front of him were dozens of "big birds" flying in the sky. Behind them was a large group of things swimming on the sea surface! The Air Force had appeared! The sea monsters had also appeared! If there was one thing that the water battleships were most afraid of, it was undoubtedly the Strong Air Force and the diving sea monsters! Reason, no explanation!

What the f*ck, as expected, the longer the delay, the worse it would be. The Devil Race would not allow me to destroy them! Since the Reconnaissance Skill had already called the police, it meant that the system was certain that I could not win. What should I do?

Da Fei could only seek help from the old lady.

The old lady frowned and said in a deep voice, "Finish this nest quickly and then I will release the fog. In the fog, we will use Stealth Sailing to escape!"

Ah yes! I have Godly skill Stealth Sailing! Looks like this is going to be a tough guerrilla war. As the initiator of this guerrilla war, I don't have the advantage in speed!

The little demonesses had grown up. They finally knew what to do and what not to do. At this time, their skills had already reached the level of proficient Artillery, and their attribute points far exceeded proficient Artillery. They had completely replaced the position of proficient Artillery. Da Fei's initial headache finally paid off. The Demon Nest collapsed with a scream.

At this moment, Da Fei saw the attacking air force through the binoculars—Demonic Pool Flying Dragon Inspector! Dragon generation, f*ck!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']