Chapter 164: Complete The Mission "Attacking The Abyssal Blood Pool"

In the blood pool of the abyss, the 90th nest collapsed. SV Fly left the battlefield stealthily again.

— System Message: You have destroyed the Demon Race's Nest, EXP + 50,000! Reputation + 100!

— Mission Hint: "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool" mission progress: Destroying 90 / 100 Hive Hive.

— System Message: After the battle, your Elite Banshee Artillery Squad has grown! You have learned the Race Skill "Charm".

Da Fei heaved a long sigh of relief. After fighting so many wild battles and basking in the sun for so long, the moon has finally grown! The expert level that stuck me for so long should give me an explanation! Why is it that Spider Demon Kindergarten's Little Red Flower is so talented? My progress is slow!

Da Fei rushed to the gun cabin excitedly. As expected, the Banshee was much bigger now. It had reached the level of a female high school student!

The demonesses cheered warmly, “Master! Welcome!”

Sigh, image! The image of the captain! Da Fei coughed and said, "Everyone did well! Now, it's time to teach you Expert-level skills. You must learn them diligently. If you can't learn them, let Miss Serbia spank your ass!"

The demonesses nodded in panic.

Da Fei could not help but sigh. In the eyes of the Banshee, what exactly was a nun? Speaking of which, in his eyes, nuns, especially elderly nuns, were extremely terrifying existences, right?

A white light flashed.

— System Message: You used the "Banshee Artillery Instructor" skill on the growing Elite Banshee. You successfully taught the Elite Banshee Baby the "Expert-level Study of War Machines"!

— System Message: You have obtained information on Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have trained a new type of soldier. You have learned "Expert Special Forces Training Skill".

— Elite Artillery Banshee in Growth: Small Elite Demon Creature. Attack: 17. Defense: 9-15. Health: 66. Attack Speed: 10. Magic Resistance: 50%. Special Skill: Flying Creature, Long-range Shooting, Charm Skill, Expert-level War Machine Master. Ballista Master.

Success! Da Fei laughed heartily!

The Expert-level skill that stuck me for half a day finally succeeded. Now, the Elite Banshee's attribute points were twice that of a proficient Artillery Master, and her skill was one level higher than a proficient Artillery Master. The power of the Ballista was more than twice that of a proficient Artillery Master! This was a qualitative leap! What would happen when they reached adulthood? At the very least, it would double! This kind of 32 cannons was equivalent to more than 100 cannons of other people! What was the concept of more than 100 cannons? The legendary ultimate war machine of the great navy, a battleship, right?

Haha! Wahahaha! I'm so awesome! How can I play with other players like this? Aren't they all going to kneel down and sing 'Conquer' for me?

Now, they were only a step away from mastering it. By the time they reached adulthood, this guru message that they had been spamming for hundreds of times would probably have an answer!

Come on, next!

• • •

In the pool of light, thousands of ships were engaged in a chaotic battle.

The Chinese players led by the Dragon Slayer had not participated in the battle and had kept a large number of Abyssal Lords. They had taken the initiative to kill the Japanese and Indian players who were fighting with them over the female heroes with absolute military strength. They had achieved their goal of defeating them one by one. Then, they had formed a pincer attack with the Stars to besiege the multinational army that had come to kill the Dragon Slayer.

Instantly, the white light of countless players dying rose.

Under the tacit cooperation of Dragon Slaying and Starry, who had known each other for many years, the situation of the multinational alliance was critical.

That's right. At the very least, Dragon Slaying and Stars had reached an agreement. That was, under the attention of all the Chinese players, no matter who won or lost, the benefits could not be taken away by foreigners. Otherwise, the two guilds could only thank their countrymen with their deaths, and they would benefit the Ninth Heaven, who had done nothing.

Although for Dragon Slayer, this was definitely a losing deal, he had no choice but to cling onto the "righteous cause" card. If he didn't do anything, he would be dragging China down. If he lost the righteous cause, he would be scolded by the players. Therefore, he could only fight. Similarly, he also had to mobilize as many ordinary players as possible in the chat group in the name of patriotism.

When most ordinary players, especially the students, were fired up by the Dragon Slaying Specialist's publicity team, it was time for the Chinese people to unite and pour their blood into the Great Wall of China.

The entire Chinese server's world channel had been flooded by ballers. Victory was right in front of them!

At this moment, the command center of the Japanese District's Mitsubishi battle team was in chaos. The situation was completely out of control.

Right at this moment, 50 Mist received a call from Captain America, Howell. "Do you need us to move out?"

Fifty Lan’s face twitched violently, and he could only lower his head and say, “Sigh! We really do not have the power to control the situation, so we ask for your help!”

Howell laughed out loud. “No! No! You’re the ones who helped us. Don’t ever forget the main and secondary relationship!”

Fifty Shades of Lan held the phone tightly with a complicated expression. "Hey! We will give you a satisfactory percentage of the results of this war!"

Howell smiled and said, "Of course, you can't do without us."

— Battlefield News: American player SawSaw killed Chinese player Raging Sea of Blood. Raging Sea of Blood's troops were defeated!

The noisy battlefield channel suddenly stopped! Even the command center of Stars was dumbfounded!

The Godly Hero of the China server was killed? Raging Sea of Blood was killed? How was that possible! How was he killed? He was still fine just now. Who could kill him? Similarly, Raging Sea of Blood, who was resurrecting on the island in the lake, had a blank look on his face. "How did I die?"

Right at this moment…

— Battlefield War Report: American player SawSaw killed Chinese player Uranus. Uranus' troops were defeated!

The leader of the Star Destruction Star Cluster, Uranus, was killed! His death meant that the dozens of Druids under him were all dead!

— Battlefield News: The American player SawSaw killed the Chinese player Old Jiang. Old Jiang's troops were defeated!

Pfft! Stars Command Headquarters spurted blood in unison! The entire China server fell silent! Stars' commander-in-chief, the military advisor, the famous celebrity of the Chinese e-sports world, Jiang Dawei, was also killed!

— Battlefield War Report: American player SawSaw killed Chinese player Silver Galaxy. Silver Galaxy's troops were defeated!

Another famous professional player from the China server was killed! The entire battlefield shook!

Now, all the players in the world could finally see the figure moving around on the battlefield. Sawsaw!

Lei Huolong was even more shocked. "So that American joker is really that strong!"

Right at this moment, Lei Huolong's vision suddenly blurred. A familiar figure appeared in front of him with an evil smile. "Eon! Kickass!"

The saber flashed!

— Battleground War Report: American player SawSaw killed Chinese player Thunder Fire Dragon. Thunder Fire Dragon's troops were defeated!

The number one person in hell in China was insta-killed!

The United States Area took action again! For the United States Area, the leadership of the United States was unquestionable. The leadership position of the United States was not to be challenged. It was obvious that the Japanese Area was challenging the leadership position of the United States Area if they tried to become the leader of Hell. Even though the Infernal Race was just an insignificant division of the United States, they could not tolerate the challenge of the Japanese Area.

However, during the siege of Superhero Duffy, Captain America’s leadership was questioned. Although it was not his fault, it was the Republic of China’s firepower that was too fierce. However, this did not prevent the Japanese region from blaming the United States for their defeat. This was even more intolerable.

Now, the intelligence gathering work in the American region had been completed. The players ranked at the top of the Chinese region's Rankings Board had all been screenshotted and recorded by the Reconnaissance Skill players on the spot for analysis.

Then, it was time for the United States District to appear and behead all the important figures that had been selected. It was like using a drone to kill a terrorist leader.

To be honest, SawSaw was too powerful at the current stage. No player could withstand a blow from his Big Demon. If they could prevent him from appearing, they would do their best to prevent him from appearing. Unfortunately, the Japanese server was unable to lead the world. Howell had a thorn in his heart, so he had to appear to save America's face and show the power of the American server.

Now, SawSaw was like a rocket fleet shuttling through the Milky Way, shocking the entire world. The situation on the battlefield was reversed in an instant! The entire China server collapsed! The world channel in the China server was filled with curses! The entire foreign Infernal camp was cheering! Only the Japanese could not feel any joy in their hearts. Whether it was reality or the game, they had to be shrouded in the huge shadow of America, unable to see the future of the nation. This was a very depressing matter.

Now, the players from Starry were completely defeated, and the remaining troops retreated back to the city walls. Meanwhile, the red-named players who were slaying dragons were cleared out by the alliance of many countries, and they were in the final struggle to kill one player that was enough to kill two and earn one. According to the rules of the battlefield, their price was very likely to be elimination, and they would not be resurrected in the Demon camp.

Finally, all the Dragon Slayer players left the battlefield, and the Stellar forces suffered heavy losses. The allied forces of hell protected the female hero of the siege, Deirdre, and led their troops to the city. The destruction of the city was a foregone conclusion!

The General Staff of the Elven Kingdom was silent.

The Aeon Star did not give up on its last hope. It tugged on the Great Elder's sleeve and said anxiously, "Elder! If we don't send a few hundred Emerald Dragons down, we will lose!"

The elder flicked his sleeves angrily. "Have you achieved the prestige of a Dragon Bringing Rope? It's all because your battle is unfavorable! Don't panic, we still have superheroes!"

The Aeon Star asked anxiously, "What if even superheroes fail?"

Just as the elder was feeling frustrated, he kicked a coffee table beside him and said angrily, "Then activate the Ancient Storm and flip the table. Let's not play anymore!"

What was an ancient tempest? Just as he was feeling astonished, an officer shouted, “Elder! We’ve received a message from Professor Anwen! We’ve completed the mission to destroy the Abyssal Blood Pool!”

The entire staff officer department was cheering!

Great Elder was ecstatic. "Hold on! Superheroes are about to return to the Pool of Light!"

It was like a shot of heart-stopping medicine. Ancient Stars was overjoyed and immediately ordered the guild to do their best to resist. They had to hold on until the Superhero returned!

Superhero, right? I want to know who he is!

• • •

Under the bombardment of all the Expert-level demonesses, the Abyssal Blood Pool let out a blood-curdling scream, and the beautiful system notification sounded!

— Mission Hint: "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool" mission progress: Destroys 100 / 100 hives.

— Mission Hint: Congratulations! You have completed the epic quest "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool"! Please return to the Elven Kingdom to receive the epic quest reward!

Da Fei heaved a long sigh of relief. This troublesome cat-and-mouse game was finally over.

Anwen laughed loudly and clapped. “Congratulations! Congratulations! Captain is indeed a superhero selected from thousands of miles in the kingdom. You must have performed a great service by completing this extraordinary feat! Now, we can teleport back.”

— System Message: You have completed the Epic Mission. Do you wish to return now?

Da Fei hurriedly bowed and said, "Not at all, not at all. It's all thanks to Teacher's support. Otherwise, I definitely wouldn't have been able to achieve anything. It's a pity—" Then, he let out a long sigh. After all, Da Fei still had unfinished business in his heart. He was extremely conflicted and unwilling to leave.

Anwen was surprised. “What’s a pity?”

Da Fei sighed. "It's a pity that I don't think this is an extraordinary feat. The kingdom has obviously underestimated the target of the mission. I feel uneasy just thinking about how we haven't eliminated all the arachne."

Da Fei had hidden in the large Abyssal Blood Pool while playing the cat-and-mouse game. He really did not find the third arachne nest. That meant there were only two arachne nests left. The problem was, it was almost impossible to take them down, right?

Anwen nodded with a laugh. “So that’s how it is! In truth, I was already prepared to die on this trip. Now that I’ve completed the mission, I can die without regrets. Since Captain is determined to eradicate future troubles for the kingdom, there’s no reason for me not to assist you!”

Dafei was overjoyed. "Thank you, Teacher!"

Anwen laughed. “Let this old lady rest for a bit. Captain, you must hide well during this period. Don’t get discovered.”

Da Fei nodded. "Understood!"