Chapter 168: Healing

At the periphery of the Lake of Light island, under the control of the last remaining power of the stars, and under the support of the tragic music that resounded throughout the entire venue, the players of the China server fired suicidal attacks at the female hero who was attacking the city.

Most of them did not have a commander without troops. They rushed forward to throw a magic arrow at the Banshee's battleship or shoot an arrow. However, most of the people who charged forward fell under the fire elemental attacks of the Hell Navigation Fleet.

But even so, under the repeated assaults of the Chinese players, who were united and willing to sacrifice their lives, the formation of the escort fleet was finally scattered. The Banshee Hero's battleship was exposed to all the Chinese players!

The entire China server was in an uproar! All the main Druid heroes of the Comet Star Cluster gathered together and charged at the Banshee warship. Each of them only needed to release a Lightning Banshee warship to be annihilated!

The Indian region panicked. The Japanese region panicked! Their initial plan was to take down the resurrection point of the island and officially declare victory in the war. However, the crazy actions of the Chinese players directly hit their soft spot!

So what if they won the war?

The Infernal Race hurriedly gathered a large number of battleships to surround the gap in the Banshee Warship. At this moment, the news of the Superhero’s appearance shocked the entire battlefield! The morale of the players in the China server was like a rainbow as they collectively cheered, advancing towards victory! Advance! Advance!

At this moment, SV Fly's sails were fully opened, and it rushed to the main battlefield with lightning speed. Even though the wind was not strong, Katerina's Grandmaster-level seafaring was 120%, Master-level pirates were 25%, and the external increase was 30% of the Advanced Voyager. A total of 175% of the ship's speed enhancement was still something that those giant plasma ships that did not know any seafaring techniques could not look straight at.

Da Fei's eyes were bloodshot as he stared at the world channel's battlefield channel. He clenched his fists and gritted his teeth. His anxious face was distorted!

Please be okay! Please be okay! I'm here! I won't let you participate in any stupid Hero Trial anymore! I'd rather lock you up in the barracks and keep you for the rest of your life. I don't care that you won't be a hero for the rest of your life! This is my selfish love. Without you, I wouldn't be where I am today.

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! There are a large number of enemy fleets in front of you!

A large area of red clouds and green clouds appeared on the small map on the radar. Green clouds were the allies of the alliance.

Da Fei waved his hand. "Everyone, get ready for battle!"

The druid flower demons who were resting on the deck, eating, and drinking began to stand in formation. The druid forest goddess guarded the middle of the deck while the flower demons protected the sides of SV Fly.

Fight with who? That's nonsense. I'll kill whoever attacks my darling Deirdre! That's right, I'm talking about you, Stars! If you don't go deal with foreign players and kill the NPCs, this is an illness. You have to treat it! Those three aren't in a hurry either. You came all the way here to seek treatment, which means that your illness isn't light, and you have to treat it!

Da Fei was a pure person, a noble person, a person who had broken away from vulgar interests. He treated patients regardless of nationality, ethnicity, or remuneration. What kind of spirit was this? This was a selfless internationalist spirit!

SV Fly rushed out of the darkness and entered the battlefield. The eyes of the tens of thousands of players on both sides instantly focused on that huge figure. In an instant, the battlefield was shaken, the world was shaken!

"It's Da Fei!" The entire China server exploded! Ancient Stars' jaw dropped! It's really Da Fei! Did I miss something important?

"F*ck you!" Raging Sea of Blood's face twitched as his eyes turned bloodshot! If not for the fact that his frogmen tactics were ineffective, Raging Sea of Blood might have disregarded national justice and killed this piece of trash.

"Oh! F*ck!" "Sh * t! Sh * t! Sh * t!" The command center of the American Solar System was in an uproar! What should they do! The participation of this super era giant ship had left everyone's minds blank!

He saw it! There! At this moment, Da Fei was heading towards Deirdre's battleship, towards the center of both sides of the battlefield, advancing recklessly! That's right! Find her, get close to her, and take her away! Although there are tens of thousands of people, I'm going!

Blocking him and sinking him! The multinational alliance army subconsciously reacted and sent out more than ten large oar ships to charge at SV Fly. Their movement gave the Star Guild a huge loophole!

"Here's our chance! Let's go!" The hundred or so light boats of Guild of Stars jumped in just in time!

"Charge! Victory! Star is undefeated!" At this moment, all the screens on the world channel's battlefield channel unified into this sentence. Star's ability to create momentum was number one in China!

"F*ck!" Da Fei hurriedly said in the battlefield channel, "Don't kill my Banshee!"

However, Da Fei's words were instantly drowned out by the huge number of Star's chat group! That's right, in front of Star's chat group, normal players had no chance to interrupt!

What the f*ck, I'm a famous person! Open your eyes wide and watch what I'm saying!

— System Message: Sorry, you spoke too quickly. Please speak in the channel later.

You are forcing me to undergo forced treatment!

Da Fei waved his hand. "The Flower Goblin Army, move out!"

Looking at the incoming Flower Goblin, all the Chinese players were so shocked and excited that they screamed like they had been injected with chicken blood! With so many Flower Goblins surrounding them, even a Hell Hero would not be able to escape!

A dense swarm of bees suddenly descended above the Stars Assault Team—Buzz!!!! A huge echo resounded through the underground. Ah! The white light of the death of 30 players soared into the sky! A long row of messages appeared on the battlefield, blocking Star Guild's flood of messages!

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Da Fei killed Chinese player Neptune.

— Battlefield News: Chinese server player Da Fei killed Chinese server player North Star…

— Battlefield News: Chinese server player Da Fei killed Chinese server player Ziwei Star…

— Battlefield News: Chinese server player Da Fei killed the Chinese server player jinx…

• • •

The entire battlefield fell silent! All the Chinese players were dumbfounded. All the foreign players' jaws dropped to the ground. They could not believe their eyes.

At this moment, the remaining Stellar Assault Team was still charging at the Banshee in shock. At this moment, the second round of the swarm arrived!

— Ah!!! Another thirty white lights rose!

— Battlefield News: Chinese server player Da Fei killed Chinese server player Pluto…

— Battlefield War Report: Chinese server player Da Fei killed Chinese server player Fire Meteor…

— Battlefield News: Chinese server player Da Fei killed Chinese server player Heavenly Demon Star…

— Battlefield News: Chinese server player Da Fei killed the Chinese server player Planet Earth Demon…

• • •

The entire battlefield exploded! If the first shot was a slip of the hand and accidentally killed an ally, then the second shot was obviously intentional!

The people were furious! The battlefield was in chaos!

"Traitor! Traitor!"

"Traitor! Dog!"

"The 100,000 Yuan Venerate wanted Da Fei!"

"First kill the national losers, big trash Dafei!"

"Kill Da Fei!" "Kill Da Fei!!" "Kill Da Fei!!!"

New and old grudges, exterminating evil, killing the rich to help the poor, upholding justice, all of these words converged into one sentence: "Kill Da Fei!"

Xing Chen was silent in the face of the angry denouncement of the people. There were no more soldiers in the first place. How could they deal with this traitor? How could they deal with this huge ship?

The sudden turn of events also shocked the allied forces of hell. Although they did not know what was going on, the enemy of the enemy might not be a friend. Moreover, the allied forces of hell had the advantage, and they did not need this friend of unknown origin. It was nothing more than the usual infighting among the Chinese. The big goal remained unchanged. They would take advantage of the opportunity of the Chinese infighting to sink this huge and threatening warship!

At this moment, Da Fei was faced with the long-awaited big red name, a long list of notifications that dropped his Reputation, and the anger of the entire channel. He smiled disdainfully. "F*ck you, those who play PK are all called traitors. This f*cking disease is not light. It has to be cured!"

Right now, Deirdre was right in front of them! SV Fly rushed into the center of the battlefield at an unimaginable speed. Its huge body and the huge wave of its movement scattered the Green Leaf Boat in front of it. SV Fly split the entire battlefield into two, which also meant that SV Fly would be attacked from all sides.

Da Fei stood on the side of the tall ship and shouted at the Star player who was knocked flying. "Move aside, wait for me—Ah!"

-27!

— System Message: Attention! You have suffered a legitimate counterattack from the Chinese server's player, Heavenly Eagle Star!

Just what the heck! Da Fei immediately retreated back to the deck. He could not be bothered to waste his breath on these fools. He wanted to use his actions to tell them that they did not understand his realm!

Facing the dozen or so impact ships coming from the right, Da Fei smiled coldly. "I can use your Reputation Points!—Cannon Emperor, pay attention. Take aim at the enemy warship heroes and strike accurately!"

* Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! * The 16 ballistae on the right roared in unison, and two rows of crossbow bolts shot out!

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Da Fei killed Indian player Sanjami…

— Battlefield News: Chinese server player Da Fei killed Japanese server player Ghostblade…

— Battlefield News: Chinese player Da Fei killed a Japanese player…

At this moment, the entire battlefield fell silent again! All the players were shocked and dumbfounded. Which side was this trash on? Of course, compared to Da Fei's astonishing strength, Da Fei's position was no longer important. Everyone was only thinking about one question: Why were the players so different from the players when they were all in the same village under the same blue sky?

One Raging Sea of Blood was already impressive enough. Then, there was an even more impressive SawSaw. Originally, they thought SawSaw was the product of cheating. Now, there was another group second Da Fei! That's right SawSaw! Perhaps only SawSaw could deal with Da Fei? All the players were looking forward to the shocking battle!

But there is no show – America’s dignity cannot be trampled!

He was close! He saw Deirdre!

Da Fei waved at her affectionately. "Come back!"

In that instant, Deirdre smiled and jumped up. “Master, welcome back!”

— System Message: Trial Hero Deirdre has joined your army!

Oh yeah!

…