Chapter 161: Another Life-Steal Scroll Drops

In the outer seas of the Spider Demon Island, Da Fei had gained experience from the previous battle. He had arranged the Flower Demon Legion to wait in the air behind the ship in advance so that they would not be unable to unleash the advantage of the air force in one fell swoop. At the same time, he had handed the entire Flower Demon Legion over to Katerina to command. Katerina's Master-level Attack Skill and Master-level Pirates increased the damage of her troops by 100%.

Then, the 29 skilled gunners who had been pushed off duty by the brat were placed on the front line of the enemy and surrounded the Druids. These sailors were the highest existences that could be hired with money at the harbor. They were all Level 4 soldiers, capable of fighting and controlling ships. If Da Fei had not picked up a mission to hire them, he would have to pay a compensation fee for a Level 4 recruitment fee and reduce the reputation of the players.

Then, SV Fly opened all the cannons on the ship and killed the giant spiders on the beach to lure the enemy out.

The same scene appeared again. As the spiders screamed, a huge golden spider ran out from the center of the island. This time, Da Fei could clearly see the small golden Hero's Halo underneath it. This was the first time Da Fei saw a golden halo. He did not know what class the hero belonged to, but it was probably quite impressive.

However, Da Fei was no longer the same as before. He was a temporary ranger who could attack, critical hit, and critical hit. The terrain was even more unique. There was no reason for him to be unable to win with fewer people! He just had to fight a bloody battle and then revive.

Another spiderweb carried the bridge between the hero and the SV Flyer, but what surprised Da Fei was that the ballista couldn't reach its position. This fellow's shooting range was even farther than the ballista! What was this?

Thankfully, the flower demon army was far away and not trapped.

All of the spiders on the island swarmed over, starting a great army crossing the single wooden bridge.

Da Fei waved his hand. The ballista he controlled shot out three times in a row. At the same time, Katerina immediately commanded thousands of Flower Goblins to attack.

The spiders that crossed the bridge had almost no combat power. The only thing they could do was charge! Countless spiders fell into the sea under the ballista's attacks and aerial attacks. Even so, a large number of spiders successfully crossed the line of fire and boarded the ship.

In the poisonous fog, spider webs exploded and the boarding battle began.

Da Fei immediately felt that something was wrong. Although he had made a qualitative leap in his attacks as a part-time ranger, he did not feel like he could crush these elite spiders at all. Instead, he found it difficult to fight them. Were their HP and Defense that high?

Da Fei finally saw the flash of blood on the Spider Demon's body in the poisonous fog. It was Life-Steal! All of these Spider Demons could Life-Steal! What the heck! Was he fighting a knockoff Vampire? The problem was that elite Vampires could not possibly have so many of them as cannon fodder.

Da Fei could no longer remain calm. They were both kindergartens, Little Red Flowers. Why were the growth of these arachne so astonishing, while his army of naughty brats could not overcome the hurdle of high-level skills? Were the arachne race so superior? Or were the monsters recruited by players reduced by the system?

At this moment, the Spider Hero on the shore flashed with black smoke! Da Fei's eyelids jumped in shock. He was going to cast a spell!

— System Message: Spider Demon Hero cast Master-level "Delay *" Magic on all your troops!

F*ck! He really knew how to cast spells!

At this moment, a golden light flashed across Serbia's body! The black smoke gathered by the spider demon hero dissipated, and at the same time, his entire body burned with blue flames.

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia used the skill "Eternal Light" to destroy the enemy hero's Dark Magic.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, used the skill "Suppress Darkness". The opponent's hero's mana consumption increased by 100%.

Da Fei was overjoyed! This was the first battle of the Little Dearest nun's vocation skill! It specialized in countering Dark Magic. Furthermore, it was a set of Combination Punch! That meant that the blue flames burning on the spider's body were the magic power combustion caused by the suppression of the darkness. The consumption of mana for the entire army was already huge, and after the magic power was burned, the spider must have run out of mana.

Da Fei immediately felt relieved. At the same time, he could not help but feel shocked.

The Magic Hero was undoubtedly a strategic hero. A single spell was enough to change the situation of the battle. If the opponent had not been restrained by Serbia, Da Fei could not imagine what would have happened to the troops who had been sprayed with mucus and their attack speed had dropped drastically. In fact, up until now, this was the first time Da Fei had fought with a true hero who knew magic. As for before, he was no different from a jungler.

There was no suspense in the battle now. Da Fei had the advantage of magic, terrain, and luck. It was only a matter of time before he wiped out the enemy.

Finally, the last arachne fell, leaving behind a lone arachne hero on the island.

A commander without a commander, right! Da Fei immediately commanded SV Fly to approach the island. As long as it entered the range of the Ballista, a volley of cannons would send it on its way. At this moment, the spider demon hero suddenly ran to the mother nest in the center of the island and assumed a defensive posture.

What the f*ck! Da Fei was in a difficult position now! The Ballista at the center of the island could not be fired, so he could only go ashore? I'm so tight on time, are you trying to make things difficult for me? Fine! You can choose whether you want to fight one-on-one or group fight. If you want to fight one-on-one, we'll all gang up on you!

All troops to land!

Considering that the Boss' Hero's damage was definitely heaven-defying, he directly used Druid Lightning Blast to start the fight! One Lightning dealt 84 points of damage, and 50 would be 4000! Even if the BOSS's Defense was high, it would still be enough to deal some damage to it. As for the flower demon's swarm, forget about it. It was immune to normal spiders just now.

With a loud thunderclap, the Spider Hero let out a tragic cry. And at that moment, the Bloody Light of the Fiend Nest behind it flashed, shooting out a bloody line that connected to the Spider Hero. + 1000! A huge green word jumped out!

Ah pfft! Da Fei spat it out on the spot! The Magic Nest could actually heal it, and it was so ferocious!

However, since the battle had already started, they had no other choice but to fight head-on! The Druid's long-range shots fired the monster, and the hero flew towards them. The magic light blood line connecting the monster to the nest also extended, and at the same time, a huge + 1000 appeared above his head!

Da Fei was so shocked that his eyes shrank. What the heck! He was going to replenish his HP to full! How could he win with this kind of HP boost? Surround him, all the Flower Goblins attack him together!

All of a sudden, pollen flew all over the battlefield! At the same time, a large number of notifications of immunity to pollen attacks appeared. A large number of notifications of casualties appeared on the screen.

The Spider Hero swung its blade in a row, its dual blades cutting through everything in seconds. Its huge body was like a tank, slaughtering everything in its path! At the same time, the Flower Demons that came into contact with the bloody line were instantly killed with a scream!

Da Fei was shocked! No way, even if he had ten times the number of troops, he would still be wiped out!

Could it be that he had beaten the other party into a general without any casualties, and then got wiped out by this general without an army? What a joke, what kind of hack! This was definitely cheating by the system!

The situation was critical, and the team was about to be wiped out. Da Fei broke out in a cold sweat and looked at that illogical blood line! As an expert's intuition, Da Fei immediately pointed at Didi. "Fly up, block which one!"

There must be something fishy about the health bar! I don't believe that your health bar can kill the Flower Goblin and the Banshee Boss with 1000 HP.

Didi flew up into the sky and blocked the blood line! Not only was it not damaged, it successfully blocked the connection between the Spider Hero and the Fiend Nest!

Oh, right! So that's how it is! This blood vein is harmless to the devils! Since it can't heal, then I won't be polite! Beat him up!

Even though the boss didn’t have health points to regenerate, its HP and Defense were still high. Its vampiric special skill was still there, and it had already wiped out the proficient uncle army and druid army. The only ones left were the Flower Goblins who relied on their numbers to surround and attack. Once they lost the advantage of having a heaven-defying special skill, the Flower Goblin would only be a Level 0 cannon fodder and suffer heavy casualties.

Da Fei's eyes were tearing up, and his heart was bleeding. If not for the fact that he could not move easily as the commander, Da Fei really wanted to rush up and fight it.

Right at this moment, the ground of the battlefield rumbled!

— System Message: Your subordinate hero Anwen used Grandmaster-level Arcana Technique, Earth Element Summon!

Da Fei was overjoyed and looked back. It was Anwen and his grandmother! Da Fei's face was full of tears. I'm still too inexperienced! I can't do without you…

At this moment, 20 to 30 Earth Elements broke out of the ground and surrounded the Spider Hero. Da Fei immediately ordered the remaining Flower Demons to retreat from the battlefield and let the professional melee fighters come.

That’s right! Melee combat was the bane of the earth element! High defense, high HP, and thick damage were secondary. The key was its special skill, “Reflect”, which disgusted melee combat! In other words, it could reflect a portion of the attacker’s damage! In short, although the four elements of wind, fire, water, and earth were not necessarily very strong, each of them had a unique skill that could disgust players to death, so elemental creatures were wild monsters that players were generally unwilling to clear.

Now, this commander, who had high attack power, faced the earth element that specialized in counter-attacking it, and had already settled down! When its unwilling scream echoed across the island, Da Fei finally heaved a long sigh of relief.

• • •

— System Message: Congratulations! You have killed the guardian hero of the Spider Demon Worm Nest trial. You have won the battle. You have gained 620,000 EXP. Your Hatred Points among the arachne race have increased by 10,000. You have obtained the spoils of war: Blood Thirst Skill Scroll.

— System Message: You have obtained the achievement of "Battle of the 9th Battles". Additional reward: Command Power + 10. You have obtained the achievement of "Battle of the 3rd Battles". Additional reward: Command Power + 20. Hero Health + 20.

— System Message: After an intense battle, your elite Banshee unit has grown tremendously. You have learned the sub-skill of Advanced War Machine, Master Ballista!

Finally—Wait! War trophy, Blood Thirst?

Da Fei hurriedly checked the item:

— 'Blood Thirst' Skill Scroll: The hybrid demon close combat troops of the heroes will obtain primary blood-sucking abilities, able to replenish their health by 3% of the damage. It is only limited to the usage of Orcs and hybrid demon heroes.

Ah! No way! I've used another Life-Steal skill! Although it's not as exaggerated as the 8% of Old Spider Knox's Hero Inheritance, 3% is still pretty good! And it's only at the beginner level. Does that mean I can still level up?

In that instant, Da Fei remembered the words on the forum that touched him deeply: The first one to be created is a God-grade equipment, and the last one to be created is bullsh * t! If you want to sell things in online games, do it early!

…