Chapter 171: End Of The Kingdom War

In the center of the island, a humanoid statue stood tall and proud!

However, the red dot on the radar did tell Da Fei that this was definitely not a statue. However, no matter what it was, it was already at this stage. He would destroy whatever he encountered.

SV Fly sailed into the lake island from the damaged city walls. The body of the ship began to move, preparing to turn the cannon to destroy the statue.

Right at this moment, a red light flashed from the statue, and it quickly melted. A charred body fell to the ground while laughing loudly. "I won! I won!"

Da Fei was shocked. What the f*ck! It's this Sheer again. Is he a monster? However, he's done for. I can fight him to the death even if I have to fight.

Suddenly, she felt a huge shadow envelop her. Sheer turned her head and saw SV Fly's huge body. She exclaimed in disbelief, "Why! How is this possible!"

At this moment, Da Fei realized that he was not even Level 5, not even as high as Deirdre! Could this Light Storm really torture people? Perhaps it was a sudden impulse, or maybe Da Fei felt that he was no longer a threat, or maybe he wanted to show off his victory in front of the losers. Da Fei put down his raised hand and decided to have a chat with him.

As the saying went, when a person was about to die, their words would also be sorrowful. The feeling of chatting with an enemy was often very different. Especially now that there was no audience, he could only continue playing solo with the NPCs for a while. Life was boring, and he needed some fun.

Da Fei laughed and said, "You didn't expect this, did you? I won. What else do you have to say?"

Cyriel let out a long sigh. "If even the Abyssal Blood Pool can't stop you, then the storm just now is nothing. I have nothing to say. I just want to know how you betrayed Deirdre."

Talking about women? I love it! Da Fei couldn't help but laugh. "Don't tell me you have improper thoughts about Deirdre?"

Cyriel snorted coldly. "For demons, high-level succubi are very valuable assets."

So that's how it was! No wonder Deirdre was so fearless when he scolded her to the point of wanting to kill her. She had indeed seen through a man's lust with one look!

Dafei laughed and said, "This is a setup that was planned long before you took office."

Only then did Cyriel understand. "So that's how it is. I was tricked by my pig-like predecessor again. However, as a human being who can control a demoness like her, you are also very impressive. I have nothing to say about my loss. Kill me."

Wahaha! They are indeed my favorite things to hear. Awesome! I'll send you on your way now!

"Master, wait!" Deirdre's voice came from the cabin.

Da Fei was stunned. What was he doing?

Deirdre did indeed jump up and fly to Cyriel's side to help him up. I'm hot! There's an affair! No, no, no. This is just a game, where did the oox come from? Alright, if you have something to say, say it quickly. I'll endure it! Later, I'll blast you into pieces!

Cyriel let out a long sigh. "As expected of my student. You made the best choice. Then, I hope I can die by your hands."

F*ck! Heroes don't die, why are you being so emotional! Hm? Suddenly, Da Fei realized that he didn't have the Hero's Halo anymore! What the f*ck! No way, the Hero's Halo that was lowered was gone? Even the old lady wasn't as bad as you! However, when he thought of the old lady, Da Fei's heart sank.

Deirdre sighed. "Thank you, Mentor Hillier. Although we are on different sides, you will always be the Mentor I respect the most. If Mentor has any wishes, I can think of a way to help you achieve them. For example, I know that Mentor is working so hard for her. I think Mentor should let her know your feelings. At least let her shed a tear for you…"

Cyreal sighed. "It's meaningless. She will only cry for the destruction of the Phantom Ballista. She won't cry for a loser like me. My biggest regret is that the God-level Destruction Spell wasn't completed. I thought that the Wisdom Tree could enlighten me, but it's laughable that it's just a tree after all. It can't help me advance."

Deirdre cried, “Mentor, let this useless disciple of mine inherit your last wish!”

— Puah! Da Fei burst out laughing! So you're here to ask for his inheritance! How thick-skinned are you? However, I like it!

Hillier shook her head. "You can't. As a demoness, you're only suitable for dark magic. Learning the Art of Destruction will only lead you astray!"

What the heck! I can't stand you anymore! Since you're not giving it to me, why say it out loud? Da Fei shouted, "Hand over the Godly Destruction Spell and I'll let you live!"

"Really?"

— Pfft! So you still don't want to die? That's true. After all, he thought he was going to win just now. He didn't even have time to adjust his mindset. Why would he want to die? Does that mean that he deliberately self-destructed his God-grade just to bargain for his life? Aren't you afraid that I'll send you on your way once I get the item?

Deirdre could not be bothered to pretend anymore. She wiped her tears and said coldly, "Mentor, your failure means that you have failed this Faction War. You no longer have any value to be killed. It's better for you to hand over all your valuables. I'll plead with my master to let you live. I'll exchange my 'Book of Love' with you. Based on my analysis of Sir Dirib's character, you have a 50% chance of success when you return."

— Pfft! How black are your wooden ears? However, I like it!

Cyriel laughed. "As expected of my disciple. Let's change."

Deirdre nodded. “Okay!” But she didn’t move.

Cyreal did not move either. Da Fei was stunned. What was this?

Finally, Sherrill sighed. “I don’t need your help anymore. Let me get my things.”

Deirdre smiled coldly. "You ran away the moment I let go!"

Da Fei spat again! So that's how it is! I really don't understand the world of demons. I'm too kind and too pure! In other words, talking nonsense with him just now actually gave him a chance to escape! So dangerous! However, since he failed, it meant that the Kingdom War was over. The meaning of killing or not killing was the difference between dropping equipment and not. This difference is huge!

Cyriel shook her head and sighed. "Alright, even I, a flaming demon, am unable to understand the profound mysteries of the Deity-level. What harm is there in giving this to you!"

The space in front of Hillel twisted, and a fiery red magic book appeared in the air. F*ck! This guy really didn't need to use his hands to take things out. And something that was obviously in his space bag definitely wouldn't drop, so he could only use this kind of transaction method.

Hillier sighed. "Can you let go now?"

Deirdre chuckled. “Where’s the equipment?”

"Kill me! My teacher is very poor."

— Pfft! He's really a bachelor, huh? He's so confident that this God-level Destruction Spell can move me?

Deirdre looked at Da Fei. "Master?"

Dafei smiled and said, "This book will do."

Deirdre reached out one hand to the book that was wrapped in the space cover, and released his arm with the other. In that instant, a red light flashed, and his charcoal-like body collapsed. F*ck, this was how he escaped? It was indeed high-class!

— System Message: You have received "The Book of Divine Enlightenment on Destruction of Magic" by Hillel!

At this moment, the system notification sounded!

— Battlefield War Report: The commander of the Infernal camp has failed, the Infernal camp's "Attack on the Pool of Light" mission has failed!

— Battlefield War Report: The Elven camp's Pool of Light has fallen, and the Elven camp's "Defend the Pool of Light" mission has failed!

— China server World Announcement: Announcement! The Infernal Faction of the various regions of the world vs the Elf Faction of the China server has ended the war! The outcome of the battle is the victory of the Chinese server's Elf Faction! The time limit for the projections of the Infernal domain has arrived. The Infernal players of the various regions of the world are about to be teleported back to their respective planes.

— World Region World Announcement: Announcement! The Infernal Faction of the various regions of the world vs. the end of the war between the elven Faction in China! The outcome of the war is the victory of the elven Faction in China!

The result was out! The China region won! They actually won? All the players in the Elven World Tree Plaza who were waiting for the toll fee could not believe their eyes! But they won!

The entire Chinese server's channel exploded. The victory slogan that the Stars' chat group had thought would be of no use came out. Stars! Stars!! Stars!!! The entire Chinese server and the entire world remembered China's stars!

At this moment, Da Fei's balls were shattered all over the ground! F*ck, are you kidding me? I was the one who saved the China server! If I didn't hold on, the winner would be the foreigners. I'm the national hero. You guys should be shouting "Brother Fei! Brother Fei!"!

In the Elven Kingdom's General Staff Department, other than the ecstatic Eternal Star, the other NPC officers could not be happy at all. The map table in the Pond of Light had long been kicked over by the Great Elder, so everyone did not know that the Superhero was still alive. They thought that this victory was brought about by the huge consumption of the Ancient Storm. Even the NPCs did not know that Da Fei was the hero.

All in all, the officers had been busy for many days. After arranging for their subordinates to clear the area, they all went to wash up and sleep. The Ancient One Star finally had enough of the pent-up anger here. It ran excitedly to the World Tree Plaza and prepared to give a speech to celebrate in front of the media from all over the world in China.

The stars were shining brightly in this battle.

• • •

On Lake Island, a few green lights descended from the top of the World Tree. More than ten Level 30 NPC officers descended onto the battlefield.

"The hero is still here!"

Da Fei said angrily, "Why? Do you think you can deny my reward by drowning me?"

Everyone laughed. “Brave men are funny, Brave men. The war may be over, but our aftermath isn’t. Especially with the reconstruction work. There’s a daunting sweeping project right here. Can you do us a favor, Hero?”

Da Fei said angrily, "I'm not in the mood. I'm going to collect my reward."

Everyone laughed. "The Pool of Light hasn't been purified yet, how can a hero leave?"

"That's right. Only when the Pool of Light is completely purified can the Hero's warship be fully resurrected. This state is not possible!"

Only then did Da Fei realize that he had not even completed the mission! He had almost forgotten about it. But now, it was too easy!