Chapter 170: The Baptism Of The Light Storm

SV Fly fled the battlefield in panic.

Along the way, the Sailors' Gate destroyed the Fire Repair Ship, while the Forest Goddess and Serbia treated them. They were in a mess, and the fire damage was finally under control. Da Fei let out a long sigh of relief. Damn it, if it weren't for the fact that his ship was born with a poor anemia, he would have blown up that Cyriel even with all the firepower.

At this moment, the world channel was cursing. The China server was going to lose.

Da Fei let out a long sigh again. The greater the ability, the greater the responsibility. Could he really become a sinner in the China server? If he could participate in the battle normally, he would definitely be able to crush hell by a few streets. Unfortunately, he was so powerful that the System could not bear to watch on.

At that moment, Da Fei felt a sense of sadness and melancholy. He was a patriotic young man, but he just did not have the time or energy to love his country. Although the country was rich and powerful, a country bumpkin like him might not benefit much. However, if the country was not rich and powerful, there would definitely be no benefits. Therefore, he still hoped for the country to be rich and powerful. Although winning a national war in the game had nothing to do with the country being rich and powerful, it was better to win than lose. Besides, besides the game, what else could he contribute to the country?

What should he do now? Could he kill his way back? However, in his current state, it was even more impossible for him to defeat that Cyriel.

At this moment, the sound of wind came from the top of the ground. The calm lake water of the Pool of Light began to ripple and wave. SV Fly also began to shake violently! Da Fei was stunned. What was that?

The Ancient Storm was a powerful storm created by the World Tree when it increased the power of the Ancient Wind. It could completely wash away the filth that harmed one's body. Its effect was equivalent to a person sneezing and coughing to remove the junk in their throat. Of course, to activate the Ancient Storm required the divine power of the World Tree, so the World Tree would not easily activate the storm.

The last storm was a thousand years ago when the Infernal Race invaded the world. Faced with the overwhelming siege of the Demon Race, the World Tree launched an extremely large-scale storm and effectively blocked the attack of the Demon Race. It lasted until the arrival of Legendary Hero Gelu’s reinforcements.

The storm this time was only against a group of level 30 kids. Of course, the standard was not very high, but for SV Fly, who had just been burned, it was quite unbearable. Of course, as long as the Elven Kingdom launched the storm, the Elven Kingdom would lose this war of attrition.

— System Message: Warning! The World Tree is about to launch the Ancient Storm. The dark creatures will be cleansed by the Ancient Storm!

Da Fei was shocked. Storm? F*ck, did they really think that he would keep tormenting him with Storm Voyager?!

Obviously, ordinary Ancient Wind had the effect of enhancing light magic and lightning, not to mention this Storm-level one. Da Fei immediately stuffed Dierdre, all the female Demonic Cannon Emperors, big and small, into the Banshee camp! The camp was in a different space, so it would definitely not be affected by the storm.

Then, Katerina nervously directed the sailors to deal with the storm. With the baptism of the Blood Sea Storm, Katerina's commands were much more efficient and fast this time.

Voyages really train people. The only thing that doesn't improve is me—F*ck! How can I improve!

• • •

The sudden gust of wind had just occupied the island in the lake. The troops from the various countries who were celebrating and waiting for the system notification to announce their victory were dumbfounded!

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

Her body burst into flames again, and lava gushed out from her body. Then, it froze, and she turned into a glass statue!

"Socool!" All the hellish players exclaimed loudly. In short, as long as the commander could hold on, it would be no problem.

A bolt of lightning resounded through the ground. It was like the howling of a horn from ancient times. Waves rose from the Lake of Light. Amidst the screams of all the Hell players on the island, the lake island was drowned.

When the storm arrived, SV Fly had to face it all.

— System Message: You fought against the storm and gained 2,600 EXP.

If they were on an empty sea, the sails would be lowered, of course. If it was a monstrous wave at the level of the Abyssal Blood Pool, they would have to raise the sails in order to avoid the waves. As for now, although the storm was not as strong as the Blood Pool, the lake was full of tree roots. The consequences would be disastrous if they crashed into it! Therefore, the operation this time was even more difficult than the Abyssal Blood Pool.

A huge wave came! Katerina drove at full speed behind a cluster of tree roots. Boom! The huge wave crashed into the tree roots, splashing water everywhere! That's right, as long as one ran in a reasonable position, the tree roots would instead become a barrier to the waves of SV Fly. And the layout of the Lake of Light with the tree roots meant that the scale of the waves here would not be very high. A mere 2,600 experience points was proof.

He could withstand it!

In the Abyssal Blood Pool, Katerina had already mastered the ability to sail in a storm. This beautiful dodge just now gave Da Fei even more confidence. Da Fei's heart surged with the waves. At this moment, the sound of nature sounded again.

— System Message: SV Fly has absorbed the light energy in the storm. Life on SV Fly is starting to recover! SV Fly's Durability Limit + 24!

— System Message: Congratulations! SV Fly has leveled up to Level 3, Durability Limit + 500, Ship Defense + 20, Ship Maximum Speed + 1.

Da Fei was shocked and then ecstatic! It's here! It's alive! The old lady was right. SV Fly had both the Blessing of God and the Curse of Doom. It was indeed compatible with both light and darkness!

"Life is starting to revive." Wasn't this the reward for completing the purification mission? Wasn't this the same as the storm in the Abyss Blood Pool? Wahahaha, good timing! All the arrangements on my ship were waiting for this moment!

Da Fei pointed at the sky. "Come on, let the light energy be stronger! Wahahaha!"

• • •

In the square of the World Tree in Roland City, the capital of the Elven Kingdom.

Tens of thousands of players who had been eliminated gathered in the square, waiting for the final result to be announced. Although they had lost, they were participating in the national war, so the system would still give them some rewards.

At this moment, the cadres of Stars Guild were making a passionate speech in the center of the square, recruiting soldiers. "Although we are not afraid of any country in the world, we still do not have enough troops when facing the alliance of many countries. Join our Stars Guild. Next time, we will definitely show the heroic bearing of the Chinese players on the stage of the national war…"

The people expressed one after another: "We want to see the number one beauty, Bu Feiyan!" "Invite the beauty to perform a belly dance, we will add!"

“Well, I’m sorry. Miss Bu Feiyan is on a mission.”

"F*ck! You're not even participating in the Kingdom War, what kind of mission is this! If you don't do pole strip dancing, you'll get a bad review!"

"Right, bad review! Bad review!"

The crowd shouted again, "It's Raging Sea of Blood! Godly Hero Raging Sea of Blood!"

Raging Sea of Blood was in a bad mood. He did not care about the rewards from the system. He ignored the players who greeted him and asked to befriend him as he squeezed through the crowd and walked towards the teleportation circle. The reason why he was in a bad mood was naturally because he was insta-killed by Swasaw. Although no one would blame him since so many experts were insta-killed, Raging Sea of Blood still felt uncomfortable. Especially when that trash appeared, Swasaw did not attack. What did that mean? It meant that Swasaw was afraid of him too! Wasn't it just a huge battleship that was scary?

That should have been my warship! The more Raging Sea of Blood thought about it, the angrier he became. His desire for a warship grew stronger! I have to get a warship!

Raging Sea of Blood immediately thought of Barren Pirate Leader Rock's Tiger Shark Pirate Ship!

Raging Sea of Blood frowned. Loke was always lusting after women. Barak was always the one hunting. Didn't Barak have any thoughts about this? Raging Sea of Blood tried his best to recall what Barak had said to him when they were chatting. He tried to recall if he had any intention of replacing him. Even if he didn't, he had to find a way to stir up some trouble, right?

At this moment, two players blocked him. "Brother Tao, please let me join your workshop!"

Raging Sea of Blood was unhappy that his train of thought had been interrupted. He looked up at the two guys who were called Invincible Armament Soldier and Invincible Vigour. He could not help but feel disdainful. Only the weak would be given such a bad name. The weak should go to the Starry cafeteria.

Raging Sea of Blood said coldly, "Xingchen is recruiting. Why don't you guys go?"

The Invincible Armament Soldier quickly said, "We feel that only by following Brother Tao will we have a future."

Raging Sea of Blood wanted to slap him. Wasn't that obvious? However, it was better not to think about any Tom, Dick, or Harry. The defeat of this Kingdom War was because there were too many Tom, Dick, and Harry in the China server. In the end, they thought that the China server was very strong.

Raging Sea of Blood said coldly, "WCG, let's talk about it when the CPL league's ranking is 1000." After saying that, he left proudly, leaving behind the two stray cats and dogs.

One really didn't know anything. "WCG, what's CPL?"

One of them knew too much. "F*ck! Can he afford the salary of the top 1,000 professional experts?"

“We’d better pick up the trash and do it alone.”

"Useless, keep looking for someone to cozy up to!"

"Hey, hey, you're the one who said to do it alone!"

"What's the point of doing it alone? If we don't make a name for ourselves now, our positions will be taken away when school reopens!"

• • •

At the Pond of Light, the storm finally passed. The entire Pond of Light was filled with a refreshing fragrance. Not only did SV Fly not suffer any serious damage, it even had an additional 1,000 Durability limit! Da Fei laughed wildly. I'm laughing till the end again!

— System Message: You have experienced a mysterious storm. You have obtained information on an expert navigator.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, obtained information about the Divine-level Nautical Skill.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, obtained information about Grandmaster-level light magic. Serbia obtained information about the Grandmaster-level skill, "Storm Assault".

Da Fei was stunned. Serbia actually obtained information? Storm attack? The legendary Grandmaster-level light magic that specialized in dealing with the Air Force? Two pieces of information at once?

Da Fei immediately felt relieved! That's right, the light energy in the storm is so abundant. This logic is the same as the Demon God's Storm in the blood pool! So that's how it is! I know another way to become a Grandmaster. It's to find places with poor elemental environments to wander around. Wahahaha!

As SV Fly approached the dilapidated city wall of the lake island, a red dot appeared on Da Fei's radar. Da Fei was shocked! No way, there were still survivors?

Da Fei took out his binoculars and took a look. Damn! What was that!