Chapter 172: The City Lord Of Lake City

A few NPC officers were explaining the current situation to Da Fei.

"Hero, we have to face the following problems. The first is of course the Pool of Light purification. In this battle, our Pool of Light was contaminated by the Hades Legion, and the damage is severe. It will take some time to recover, and this requires the recovery power of the world itself. However, the problem is that our World Tree has just launched an Ancient Storm and has entered a temporary dormant state, so the purification time will be extended again."

Dafei said in surprise, "How long will it last?"

"Of course, we'll extend it until Yggdrasill awakens. It might be two or three years, or four or five years. The key is whether our tail sweeping project will help Yggdrasill recover."

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood. Game time and real time are 10 to 1. One year in the game is 36 days in the real world. Two to three to four to five years is half a year in the real world! What advantage do I have!

Da Fei anxiously said, "That means it will take at least two to three years for my ship to be repaired?"

The officers nodded and smiled. "That's right. Although Hero's ship has gained some growth in the storm, it's still far from being able to completely revive the pool of light that is filled with dense life energy. Therefore, we suggest Hero to quietly wait for good news. After all, the most difficult stage has been passed."

F*ck, f*ck, f*ck! I didn't put in so much effort for the country, and now I'm getting my retribution?

Da Fei shook his head and sighed. "Tell me, what else do you need me to do?"

The officers said seriously, "The World Tree is in hibernation, and its defense will drop. And the alternate space connected to the World Tree has a cursed Wisdom Tree, Nathir. Nathir might have become a demon tree now. This will pose a huge threat to the World Tree in hibernation. The warriors we sent out previously were unable to accomplish anything. We can only entrust such a difficult task to you, Hero. You are our superhero, you will definitely succeed!"

— System Message: You received the mission "Purify the Ancient Wisdom Tree Space"! You received the mission item "Battle of Purification".

— Mission Hint: The Ancient Tree of Naasir has been mutated by a curse. If it can be purified, purify it. If not, destroy it completely.

Compared to the expedition's Abyssal Blood Pool, this mission was nothing. Da Fei shook his head and said, "What else? Finish it in one go."

The officer continued, "Although we have won this war, the Infernal Association might not let this matter rest. The defense of the Pond of Light will continue, so the kingdom has decided to build a base in the Pond of Light and find a suitable candidate to manage the base and guard it!"

Da Fei suddenly perked up. "Base? Build a city?"

The officers nodded. "That's right. It's the construction of the city. It's here! The World Tree used so much power to develop this island at the bottom of the lake. Of course, we should use it. We came here to explore the terrain to prepare for the construction of the city."

I guessed right. I'm really going to win a city here! Damn it, get to the point! Da Fei hurriedly asked, "Then who do you think is the suitable candidate for the City Leader?"

The officers chuckled. "That's not something we can decide. However, we believe that Her Excellency Hero is a very suitable candidate!"

Isn't that obvious! It's unreasonable for me to not give the City Awards even if I die! Da Fei anxiously said, "Then how can I become the City Lord?"

Right at this time, a chuckle sounded from the ship, “If Captain is willing to accept this heavy responsibility, this old one can indeed thicken my face and recommend Captain to the higher-ups.”

Dafei quickly turned around and said in surprise, "Teacher, you're done!"

The officers bowed. “Greetings, Professor Anwen!”

Anwen staggered down SV Fly's escalator with the help of Serbia. This was not good at all!

Anwen greeted everyone one by one before smiling at Da Fei. “I don’t have much time left, I have to go back and take care of some things. I’m very happy to be able to accomplish such meaningful things with such a young and promising captain. Goodbye!”

Da Fei finally could not hold back his tears. "Teacher…"

Anwen patted Dafei’s shoulder and chuckled. “Work hard!”

A beam of green light shone upon Anwen’s body from the sky below. She waved goodbye with a smile and, amidst Da Fei’s tears, his figure gradually faded away.

— System Message: Subordinate Hero Anwen has left your army. You received 50 Druid troops.

He left, leaving behind the troops that she had brought with her. An endless sense of melancholy surged into Da Fei's heart.

While he was reminiscing, the group of officers broke the sorrowful atmosphere and chuckled. “With Professor Anwen’s recommendation, the position of city lord is almost certain to be His Excellency Hero’s. However, the position of city lord is a heavy responsibility. After all, we don’t have enough power to transport resources underground during the World Tree’s hibernation, and the Flower Demon Camp in the Luminous Pond can’t produce soldiers. So, if we want to build the city quickly, we must make use of all the resources we can gather around the Luminous Pond.”

Da Fei sighed and said, "Everyone, let's be clear. We're going to the Hell Camp on the shore to snatch it!"

The officers laughed and said, "In short, there's no need for you to worry about the construction. As for now, we are pressed for time. Please bring the troops to the Naasir Ancient Tree Space. We can use the power of the artifact to teleport the hero there."

Da Fei nodded. "I'll get ready."

Although this mission was nothing compared to the Abyss Blood Pool, there was a problem. Da Fei relied on the large ship and could do whatever he wanted on the sea, but it was hard to say on land! What if the mission caused heavy casualties? It was easy for other soldiers, but the Banshee could not. They had to use Dark Revival in Dark Magic.

That's right, light magic and dark magic were the best spells for players to remember. They were the complete opposite of each other. Under normal force attacks, the pain and torture in dark magic would decrease the attack. Beyonder divine force would increase the damage, weakening curses would decrease the damage. Speed would increase the speed of movement and delay the speed of movement. Similarly, normal creatures could revive using the Great Revival Spell, but Dark creatures like the Hell race and Undead race had to use dark magic.

Deirdre knew Dark Magic, but she was still far from it. She was also a precious treasure with only one life. Da Fei would definitely not let her go to war. In short, he would not bring the Banshee with him.

I have 50 Druids, 200 Forest Goddesses, and more than a thousand Flower Goblins. How can I not succeed?

After the preparations were done, Da Fei said to the officers who were setting up the array, "Ready! Let's go."

The officers said, "Your Excellency, the flower demon is unable to set off. I suggest that you stay behind to help us with the early stages of construction."

What? He could go to the Abyssal Blood Pool, but he could not go to the cursed space? F*ck!

Da Fei had no choice but to say, "I still have a few thousand Flower Goblins left in the camp in the lake. I don't know if there's anything else after the storm. I'll leave them to you guys to do the construction."

The officers were overjoyed. "That's great! Now that the World Tree is in hibernation, the barracks can't produce soldiers, and we can't send a large number of troops. We're worried about the construction of manpower!"

"As expected of the chosen City Lord, he is indeed capable!"

Da Fei laughed out loud. Internally decided? I hate this word the most. But now, I like it!

Now that the spirit design was completed, all the officers exerted their strength together. With a flash of light, Da Fei changed the scene and arrived at the Ancient Tree Space.