Chapter 177: To Build A City, Runners!

Junwen

Da Fei came to the pilot building to commend Katerina's achievements.

Katerina laughed and said, "I should thank Captain for giving me such a chance to command. In the past, I wanted to command a ship alone, but my father was worried and didn't let me go."

Da Fei laughed and said, "Fatherly love is deep!" If it was in reality, with his relationship with Katerina, he would probably be calling the bear-scarred man 'Daddy' too, right?

Katerina smiled. "This should be the last trip. The demon troops have started to enter the lake again, but they don't have boats or facilities. They won't be a threat for now."

Da Fei nodded. "As expected." It seemed like this city-building mission would not give him much time to develop peacefully. Now that he had reached the end of the material harvest, what should he do next?

SV Fly approached the island of the lake. The island of the lake was filled with stone materials and supplies. The simple dock made of stone materials had been repaired. Hundreds of Level 6 soldiers, tree spirits, were slowly and orderly building the fortress under the command of the construction officers.

F*ck, who said that it was difficult to send troops down from above? Didn't this mean that they had the goods? It was a pity that dozens of Abyssal Lords had gone down the drain. Otherwise, it would be a strong labor force.

The officers of the Flying Dabod applauded.

Da Fei got off the ship and greeted, "Everyone, you've worked hard!"

The officers smiled and said, "Congratulations, Your Excellency. The kingdom's appointment order has been issued. The kingdom is very satisfied with Your Excellency's swift and effective punishment. You are officially appointed as the City Lord of Radiance City!"

— System Message: Congratulations! You have received the Elf Kingdom's feudal lord appointment order and have officially become the feudal lord of Radiance City!

What should come will come! Da Fei laughed. "Please rest assured, Kingdom. I will do my best."

The officers smiled and said, "In view of the Lord's lack of manpower, although we are not talented, we are willing to be your advisors and help you build the city!"

Dafei laughed and said, "Welcome, welcome, of course!"

— System Message: Kingdom Officer Tario became the military advisor of the City of Light.

— System Message: Kingdom Officer Seranna became the City of Light's economic advisor.

— System Message: Kingdom Officer Farina became the diplomatic consultant for the City of Light.

— System Message: Kingdom Officer Lassio became the population consultant of the City of Light.

• • •

F*ck, these ten over people controlled my military economy, population, education, education, culture, diplomacy, and production of various fields! En, very good, the kingdom is very considerate, saving players the trouble.

Advisers, such as advisors, advisors, or advisors, were not official positions. However, they could often provide valuable advice to the king, so even if they did not have power or authority, they did have power above all officials.

To convince a king, one must first convince his most trusted advisor.

In the game, consultants were the newbie instructors of the players. They would teach the newbie Overlord how to build the city step by step, which would be very helpful for players to familiarize themselves with the city facilities, preventing newbie players from making low-level mistakes. Of course, the suggestions of the newbie consultants were all done step by step. If the players felt that they were old birds, they could completely not follow the advice of the consultants. For example, the open beta mode was the most opposed to military violence, but it was a very effective mode of survival in this New World chaotic world. Therefore, the advice of the consultants could be ignored.

At the same time, since there were no officials in the players' cities, consultants could replace official functions. Of course, the existence of consultants was probably only given to Da Fei when he accepted the Kingdom's appointment. If the players went to the New World to develop themselves, they would not receive such good treatment. However, the new Overlord players did not need to worry. After the players obtained the Seal Token, they could apply to be a trainee village chief in a small village in the kingdom and familiarize themselves with the feeling of being a wise leader.

Da Fei opened the City General Interface. The attributes of the City of Light were as follows:

— City of Light: Level 3 City.

— City Population: 3539 Flower Goblin

— City Facility: Level 3 Wall.

— City Construction Facility: Level 1 Fortress.

— City officials: 13 part-time consultants.

This was truly a poor city. The level of a city was the direct reflection of a city's prosperity. With every additional building, the city would rise by one level. At the same time, the buildings would rise by one level, and so would the cities. Some special buildings could only be built in high-level cities.

Da Fei had no idea what to do next. Of course, he should ask the consultant.

Da Fei asked, "Mr. Consultants, now that the Devil army is gathered at the edge of the Pool of Light, what should we do next?"

The military advisor answered, "Your Excellency, the demons' current strategic direction is in the New World, so there's no possibility of a high-level war in the Pond of Light. At the same time, they don't have a base or logistics, and they don't have the ability to break through the defense of the Pond of Light to start a war in the short term. The main goal of the demons is to monitor and restrain our army. However, if our defense is too weak, we can't eliminate the possibility of the other party gathering a large-scale attack at the last minute. Therefore, our army must quickly build a city while monitoring the movements of the demons closely."

Da Fei nodded. "I see." As long as they did not start fighting immediately, he would be relieved.

The internal affairs consultant said, "Your Excellency, the resources that we have gathered can only repair the city walls and build the fortress. The next step is to build the military teleportation array. Only then will the kingdom send a large number of troops to guard it. The construction and use of the teleportation array require a large amount of money, so Your Excellency must think of a way to raise funds."

The economic consultant said, "Your Excellency, the kingdom's current budget is mainly in the New World, so we can only apply for a level-one military teleportation circle at most. If we want to upgrade the teleportation circle further, Your Excellency can only think of ways to raise funds. However, Your Excellency, you don't have to worry. The Pond of Light has the purest life energy, and it's the Archangel's favorite. Once the Pond of Light is completed, it will be a considerable income even if it specializes in selling pure water in the future. Therefore, as long as we can withstand the difficulties in the early stages, we can definitely obtain returns in the later stages!"

The demographic consultant said, "Your Excellency, currently, with the World Tree hibernating, there is no possibility for the population of our city to increase naturally. Therefore, there is no popular base to build the barracks. We can only rely on external help. The construction of the teleportation array is imminent!"

F*ck, can you say it slower? It sounds like the System wants the players to pay for themselves! And it even tricked me into selling pure water to earn money!

Dafei hurriedly said, "That's to say, the next step for a capable person is to earn money?"

All the consultants said in unison, "That's right, His Lordship only needs to do one thing, and that is to earn money! The more the better, the faster the better! Furthermore, there's nothing else for you here, remember to come back often to take a look!"

— Pfft! F*ck, what the f*ck! However, building a city was a good thing. It was worth it even if they were fooled to death.

The advisors continued, "When you go out, you can go to Yggdrasill Square and meet the Chief-of-Staff of the kingdom, Malfurion. He will personally award you the reward for attacking the blood pool!"

That's right. It's time to receive the Epic mission reward. I've been holding it in for the whole night, and I'm calm enough. However, it's definitely impossible to get money from him. I can only rely on myself to run the business. Now that I can't get out of the ship, the only way is to buy an ordinary ship. With my current reputation, it shouldn't be a problem to buy an ordinary medium-sized ship. Or maybe I can ask the Chief-of-Staff or Mayor Caroline to make an exception and give me a large ship? Surely he can do that, right?

When it came to running business, of course it had to be mentioned as the divine skill of running business, "Navigation". Katerina had been stuck at level 30 for so long to level up and obtain a skill point. Of course, it was to learn the most powerful and most important skill!

Da Fei took out the Nautical Skill Book and flipped to the Grandmaster-level page. A golden light flashed!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Katerina spent one Skill Point to learn the Grandmaster Nautical Skill sub-skill "Navigation"!

— Navigation: The speed of the flagship determines the overall speed of the fleet. The captain or first mate of a subordinate fleet must have Master-level Nautical Skills and towing skills to accept the flagship's navigation.

Da Fei heaved a sigh of relief. With Navigation, he had truly stepped into the realm of high-end businessmen. Although he did not have a fleet now, he could get those ordinary players' ships to join him for commission? This was how things were done during the open beta.

F*ck, I remember now, I still owe a huge sum of 100 million! F*ck, I'm going to run until I die!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']