Chapter 175: The City Construction Mission Begins

Da Fei watched Bu Feiyan's troops disappear into the Teleport Portal with a stupefied expression. He had mixed feelings in his heart. Then, he looked at the collapsed giant tree and couldn't help but shake his head and sigh.

To be honest, if he were to play solo, Da Fei would usually choose the most difficult clearing method when it was within his capabilities. The higher the difficulty, the higher the reward. This was the specialty of experts. It had to be said that it died unjustly.

However, seeing such a huge piece of wood, Da Fei's heart was itching again. It was the Wisdom Tree! This wood was definitely extraordinary. At the very least, it was a special ship material. Could it be recycled?

At this thought, Da Fei immediately passed through the Dimension Portal and returned to the lake island.

The officers applauded enthusiastically. "As expected of a superhero, you solved the problem immediately! When you leave, you can directly go to the military headquarters to receive your reward."

"Now that the final threat of the World Tree has been eliminated, the World Tree can finally rest in peace. From now on, the barrier of the World Tree will slowly disappear, and the disappearance of the barrier will bring many security problems later on. In short, our mission after this is not light."

"That's right. That's why we have to quickly build a fortress to prevent new challenges!"

Da Fei nodded and asked, "Since the higher-ups want us to do our best to gather resources and quickly build a city in the near future, I think the wood of the Wisdom Tree is not bad. Can we think of a way to transport it out?"

The officers could not help but be stunned. Then, they sighed and said, "Your idea is very good, of course, but the World Tree has just gone into hibernation. We even had to spend a lot of effort to send people from the main city underground, let alone transport such a large amount of resources from the Nasir Space without any support."

F*ck, the elven teleportation technology was indeed weak! The Infernal Race could easily send tens of thousands of players into that space!

Da Fei anxiously said, "Are we just going to waste this piece of wood? Is there nothing we can do?"

The officers sighed and said, "As long as we have the support of a powerful base, we can do anything. So, our current priority is to build a base."

Da Fei shook his head and sighed. He could only hope that the tree was not refreshed by the System like ordinary monster corpses.

Da Fei said, "Then, what else do you need me to do?"

The officers said happily, “We were just waiting for your words. Now that we’ve already measured the terrain, we’ve also come up with an engineering plan. It’s just that there’s an extreme lack of material. We’d like to ask your ship to patrol the shores of the Lake of Light and bring back all the ships and supplies we can gather! Rest assured, under the baptism of the storm that just passed, the demon camp along the shore has already been destroyed. There shouldn’t be any great danger for now.”

— System Message: You have received the City Construction Mission "Fortress Construction"!

— Newcomer prompt message: There are two types of city-building missions. One is to be employed by a large kingdom's faction for territorial development. Once the mission is completed, the kingdom will appoint you as its feudal lord, and you will receive resources that are either taxing the kingdom or equivalent to taxation. At the same time, you will also be protected by the kingdom's troops. The other mode is for players to go to an unknown world for territorial development, becoming an independent faction. There is no need to pay taxes to any kingdom, but you will also not be protected by any kingdom. The prerequisite is that you must have a feudal token. For details, please refer to the rules of the game.

He finally left the City Construction Mission! Da Fei could not help but feel relieved. He knew that he could not escape from this mission.

Constructing a city was undoubtedly the core gameplay of this game. With a city, the players would have their own population, their own barracks, their own factories, their real home!

Of the two types of city-building modes, the most stable one was to help develop the kingdom. Although the tax was very heavy, at least 50%, the advantage was that the kingdom's troops were protecting it. The players' main energy could be placed on production. In fact, helping the kingdom-building project was not something that ordinary players could accept easily. At the very least, it had to be someone like Da Fei who was highly appreciated by NPCs.

If the players could not stand such a black-hearted tax rate, then they would go to the New World. However, the threat of the New World was not only limited to players from various countries, but also the nightmare of powerful monsters. During the open beta, most of the Overlord players eventually returned to the old path of paying tribute to the kingdom they were in. Unfortunately, the power of the New World Kingdom was often limited, and it still could not guarantee the safety of the players' territory. However, the tax was not ambiguous. In short, it was far less comfortable than living in the Old World.

Given Da Fei's current situation, it was hard to say how much protection he could receive from the kingdom. However, no matter what, he definitely would not miss out on such a thing. Da Fei immediately thought of the dozens of Abyss Overlords he had stationed under the Flower Demon Army camp before the storm, as well as the dozen or so large oar boats tied there. He reckoned that they had been cleared? He should go take a look.

Now, thousands of flower demons circled around Da Fei's SV Fly.

Rank 0 soldiers were the most important production unit of every faction. They could do all kinds of unprofessional chores during non-war periods. Therefore, it was up to them to pick up ragdolls and build a city. The Flower Goblin did not know how to build a city, but heroes or NPCs with construction skills could still command the Flower Goblin to build a city. And construction skills involved the skills of the Overlord Hero. The higher the level of the building skills, the faster the command speed and effect would be. Legend had it that a God-level architect could command an Archangel to build a house—Yup, this was the advertisement for the game promotion clip. Anyway, Da Fei did not need to worry about building a house. The dozen or so officers definitely knew construction skills. Da Fei only needed to save up Rank 0 Flower Goblin soldiers.

In fact, when the players launched a siege war, the first thing they did was to attack the enemy's level 0 troops. Even if they couldn't attack the city, they could still hinder the other party's development. Therefore, don't think that the elven race's heaven-defying smallpox demon and the tree spirit's golden partner would be safe just because they were strong. The opponent's small knife cut the meat, and the Flower Demon was fat and thin.

When SV Fly arrived at the camp of the Lord of Abyss, Da Fei could not help but sigh.

It did not make sense for him to have a smooth-sailing life. As expected, the Abyss Overlord and the demon shipwrights were all gone. What was the point of fighting and killing then? At the end of the day, didn't the Hell race reward many Abyss Overlords? They were happy for nothing. Perhaps these things were all arranged by the system. The system did not intend for the players to get so many level-six soldiers at all?

Fortunately, there were still four ships stuck in the tree roots. It was not completely fruitless. However, they were at the edge of the Pond of Light. If they could not even get past level-six soldiers, there should not be many soldiers in the Demon camp.

• • •

3 a.m.

Deng Jiayi took off the facial mask on her face. After she was done with the last form in front of the computer, she stretched her back. She could finally rest after a long day of hard work. This time, she had to take a few days off. To be honest, Deng Jiayi could not take it anymore. However, Da Fei's appearance had indeed revived her. In fact, she did not mean anything else. She was just curious.

This was the legendary "national server's shame, trashy Da Fei". However, from his conversation tonight, it was actually no different from the character of ordinary players. The only difference was his unfathomable strength. This was a new player who had a white halo beneath his feet and had yet to change class!

This newcomer was the superhero that the Elven Kingdom had high hopes for. He had successfully completed the Elven Kingdom's mission to attack the Abyssal Blood Pool and returned triumphantly. It was hard to imagine how powerful he would become after handing in the mission.

Deng Jiayi was shocked by his performance in the battle tonight. Although she was chatting with Da Fei on the surface, as a professional player, she ignored his attributes and skills through his Druid damage.

In short, no matter how he looked at it, it was not right! In short, it was unfathomable! Not to mention that he could enter this Ancient Tree Space so quickly. It must be a Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill!

The capability of such an account had already far surpassed all the professional players in Stars. It was worth paying attention to and worth spending an hour to file his analysis data. Now, he could finally sleep.

• • •

The Pond of Light, the ruins of the Demon Race's camp. The Magic Tower that once stood tall had collapsed. The Lava Lake that was once filled with heat waves had already cooled down to a glassy land. Hundreds of oars and boats made of leaves rushed ashore. As expected, there was not a single red dot on Da Fei's radar map. He was really here to pick up scraps.

The Flower Goblins immediately got to work. Their small bodies, huge numbers, and precise teamwork were as efficient as ants moving. In an instant, the few large oar boats that Da Fei dragged over were filled with scattered rocks. At the same time, the Flower Goblins tried to push the huge oar boats that were blown ashore by the storm into the lake.

Seeing the busy and orderly scene before him, Da Fei, who had been fighting for the entire day, was so tired that he could not take it anymore.

Da Fei found Katerina. "I'm going to rest now. I'll leave the mission to you. Can you do it?" Da Fei wanted to know if the dozens of bug nests that were destroyed after sleeping yesterday were the old lady's abilities or Katerina's? If it was Katerina's ability, then it was simply an internal cheat. It was too awesome!

Katerina chuckled. "As the first mate, you should have the ability to assist Captain. Rest assured, Captain."

Wahahaha! It can work! If the NPC says it can work, it can work. In that instant, Da Fei was so excited that he almost couldn't fall asleep!

In short, sleep!

Da Fei went offline to sleep. However, the news of him losing the warship had spread like wildfire on the internet through the chat of the members of the Stars Headquarters. In just one night, the news had spread to the entire world. All the members of the various countries had witnessed the tragic state of Da Fei's warship. Coupled with the subsequent storm, the credibility of this news was very high. For a time, the people of the various countries were overjoyed and celebrating the new year.