Chapter 173: Meeting The Dream Goddess

The scene in the Cursed Ancient Tree Space kept changing. There were Hell Lava, Dark Swamp, Black Mist Forest, and then groups of monsters that appeared from time to time, making it hard to guard against them.

From the start of the Kingdom War to the end of the Kingdom War, the number one beauty of the Stars, Bu Feiyan, was making slow progress in the Ancient Tree Space. In the beginning, there was a large group of advisors who came up with strategies. Later on, when the Kingdom War began, the advisors were no longer able to take care of themselves and started to fight alone. Later on, the changes in space became more frequent, and they didn't even have time to go to the toilet.

It couldn't be helped. Bu Feiyan didn't live in the company. She was playing games in her own home. Among the high-level professional players in Stars, she, as a "working at home", was also given special treatment. After all, as a beauty, she couldn't bear to play games in a group of nerds surrounded by smoke and emitting all kinds of unknown auras.

Bu Feiyan was tired, annoyed, and angry! Since the Chinese server won the war, she did not care about the gains or losses of this mission. She might as well die and go back. However, as a professional expert, she knew that the more frequent the changes in the scene, the closer she was to the Cursed Ancient Tree. She really did not want to fail at the last minute. She would endure it and continue!

Perhaps the World Tree after the storm stimulated the Ancient Tree Space, and mutated creatures continuously appeared. Bu Feiyan clearly sensed the abnormality of the scene and decided to ignore the interference of the changing scene. He killed the source of the tracking creatures along the way and finally found a space door. He had finally arrived!

Bu Feiyan heaved a long sigh of relief and immediately called the command center. "Found it!"

After a long while, the Stars Command Center finally broke out into applause. Everyone was busy celebrating the victory of the national war, busy showing off in front of all the players in China.

Bu Feiyan was immediately furious!

As the beloved daughter of Stars and the goddess in the hearts of geeks, it had always been Bu Feiyan's privilege to put on a show and enjoy the adoration of tens of thousands of people, okay? Such a big scene, even those geeks with shoddy beards and big bellies had appeared, yet she, Bu Feiyan, had no part in it? Unbearable!

Bu Feiyan adjusted the megaphone to the maximum and blasted another high note cannon at the command center! That's right, the gentle and lovely goddess in the hearts of millions of geeks was still an extremely vain woman.

• • •

The scene changed. Da Fei came to the so-called Ancient Tree Space. Before he could see the surroundings clearly, the familiar red warning light exploded!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A large number of unknown creatures are lurking in the alternate dimension, please be alert!

An alternate dimension creature! Da Fei's radar indeed had a large number of red dots. Da Fei's heart tightened. He immediately shrunk the troops into a ball and checked the surrounding environment.

At present, he was in a black grassland, and there was Hell Lava not far ahead! Hey, hey! Isn't this too inconsistent? What's even more inconsistent is that on the left side of the lava was a swamp, and on the right was a forest of dead trees! Furthermore, it was blurry and unclear.

What the f*ck, isn't this PS trace too obvious? This game's artisan definitely didn't graduate from Lanxiang, right? This is the so-called Ancient Tree Space? Where's the tree? Oh! I see it, the biggest red dot on the radar is this, right?

There was nothing much to say. Maintain the battle formation and advance along the red dot.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, released Master-level Light Magic "Righteous Power" for all troops. Unit Attack + 15.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, has released master-level light magic "Tenacious Power" for all troops. Defense + 15.

Humph, this was the benefit of having a Priest Hero in the team. Although he did not have a large battleship, he was still not someone ordinary wild monsters could fight against. Looking at the 30 Attack that he had obtained from his 20 Strategic Attack, as well as the 15 Attack bonuses from his spells, Da Fei's courage suddenly increased!

He remembered that when he was attacked by Renoir on the Newcomer Island with 50 points of attack, a small Level 1 Pikeman like him could instantly kill a Level 4 Soldier. Now, he had also reached his level! He had 50 Druids and 200 Forest Goddesses with Level 4 long-range attacks. In addition, he had 50% of the Master-level Archery Skill. Even if the monsters lying in ambush were all elites, how many rounds could they withstand his attacks?

The lurking monsters appeared. Before their blurry figures could fully appear, the dense magic bullets and arrows from the druids and forest goddesses instantly killed them!

Hmph! Instant kill! You want to ambush me? Your position has long been seen through by my God-grade Reconnaissance Skill!

The troops advanced on the Black Prairie, killing the monsters with unstoppable momentum. However, what puzzled Da Fei was why the scene in front of him changed from time to time? Furthermore, it was like a mirage that could not be seen? Da Fei turned back to look at the path he had walked. The Black Prairie that he had walked on was gone, and behind him was a scene of Hell Lava. This was the so-called illusion? What was the purpose of this illusion? Was it used for ambushes? Why was this mission so difficult?

Finally, he saw a Dimension Portal in front of him. Without thinking, Da Fei entered.

The scene changed again. A gust of hot air blew at him. Under the dark red sky, a burning tree appeared in front of him. It was this guy?

“Yeah?”

"Ah!"

At this moment, Da Fei realized that there was a team of players in front of him. The team of players also noticed Da Fei at the same time.

"Bu Feiyan!" The legendary male and female god, my dream lover! I must be dreaming, right? In that instant, Da Fei's time seemed to stop!

"Da Fei!!!" The entire Stellar Command Headquarters exploded! He was at sea just now. Why would he appear here now? Could it be that it was easy to enter? Of course, that was not important. The key was that Da Fei was a notorious Red Name. He could do anything! In that instant, the first reaction of the professional experts in Stellar was to kill him!

"Can you kill him? Xiao Deng doesn't have many soldiers left."

"It's not a problem to kill him! The problem is that he has two sub-heroes with him, and they are very strong!"

"Are you kidding me? He brought two sub-heroes and can even level up to Level 30! I don't even dare to bring a sub-hero to level up!"

"What are those golden flower demons?"

“Get to the point. What do we do now?”

"Beauty trap!"

"F*ck!"

Bu Feiyan said angrily, "You trash, I'll do it myself!"

• • •

At this moment, seeing the goddess in his heart being on full alert, Da Fei's heart trembled! I'm a red name! She's guarding against me! Guard my ass, she's obviously trying to kill me, okay?

Hey, hey, hey, don't play like this! I finally met the goddess in my heart once, but fate actually made such a joke for me? Taking the initiative to greet her, ask for her autograph, and add her as a friend to ease the atmosphere? How big of a risk is this! If she instakills me, my army will collapse! This is the Goddess of the Forest, a rare army. Once it collapses, it will be gone!

Damn it! I told you I hate players! If the other party was an NPC, I would either kill them or not kill them. How could it be so troublesome? I might as well go all out. Even if they are goddesses, I will kill them for you to see! Just treat it as if I met an NPC! However, killing girls! Are they men? If this gets out, people will hate me even more than if I were a traitor. Do I still want to find a wife in this life?

Just as he was feeling conflicted, Bu Feiyan spoke from afar, "Are you also doing missions?"

Ah! My goddess took the initiative to talk to me! Da Fei was overwhelmed and said, "Ah, yes!"

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "Can you do the mission with me?"

— System Message: Bu Feiyan requested to form a team with you. Do you agree?

Ah! Form a team with the goddess! This, if I form a team, will I form a team? Speaking of which, for a celebrity like her, the face of a big guild shouldn't do such a despicable thing, right? F*ck! What am I afraid of? It's obvious that I'm being forceful, and she has no choice but to give in! Men have to work hard for their entire lives for the sake of being forced to die. If the goddess takes the initiative to form a team but doesn't dare to accept it, how can they still be considered men! Agree!

— System Message: You have joined Bu Feiyan's team, quest sharing mode activated.

Bu Feiyan waved at Da Fei from afar. "Come here! Fight together!"

Da Fei took a deep breath. "It's here!"