Chapter 174: The Shadow Of A Man

Da Fei's team entered the enemy's shooting range. Of course, the enemy's team also entered Da Fei's shooting range. The difference was that Da Fei's team could instantly kill her, who was standing in front of the formation. She could not kill Da Fei, who was hiding behind the formation. It was a taboo in the game to have the commander-in-chief fight in front of the formation. As the saying went, "Soldiers and fighters all stand in front of the formation". This "fighter" actually meant "joker." This sentence translated from the art of war meant that joker was the first to fight.

In fact, she was originally standing behind the formation. It was only when Da Fei appeared behind her that the back team changed to the front team. Furthermore, she did not retreat behind the formation. In comparison, Da Fei's courage was a notch lower.

At this moment, the entire command center of Stars was nervous. No one knew what Bu Feiyan wanted to do.

Nothing happened. Da Fei's troops arrived beside Bu Feiyan's troops.

Bu Feiyan stepped forward and stretched out his hand with a smile, "Hello! I'm very happy to be able to meet helpers at the most difficult time of the mission."

Looking at her outstretched hand and the fair-skinned, slender, and beautiful Elf in the game, Da Fei couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva. I'm going to shake hands with the Goddess of Dreams! Although it's only in the game, my life is worth it! Da Fei felt his hand trembling slightly!

Hey, hey, hey! This is too much! This is not good! The goddess will even look down on me! I must show my masculinity!

Da Fei coughed and said, "Aren't you afraid of me? I have a red name."

Bu Feiyan chuckled: "No!"

Haha! Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. "My reputation is very bad. Killing people like cutting grass in a PK!" Humph, did you feel the frequency of my arm vibrating? Are you scared?

Bu Feiyan smiled, "Then do you know me?"

Da Fei laughed. "I've seen it on TV." Not only have I seen it before, I've even masturbated before!

Bu Feiyan's smile became even sweeter. "That's right. I'm helping a big guild play the game. When the soldiers die, it's the soldiers from the dead guild. When the equipment drops, it's the equipment from the guild. When the mission ends, it's also the guild's loss. The boss doesn't even care about his family or business. What does an employee like me care?"

Ah! Da Fei and the entire command center of Stars exploded! The Aeon Star trembled in anger!

En. I have to say, this thought is exactly the same as Da Fei's! What does the loss of the company have to do with me? As long as I don't lose anything! So she and I are birds of a feather? In that instant, Da Fei felt that the goddess in front of him was very kind! Indeed, knowing someone by their reputation is not as good as meeting them in person. However, as the spokesperson for Stars' image, isn't it inappropriate for you to say this?

Wait a minute, what was she hinting at? That's right! She was hinting that Stars was not afraid of any independent players at all! Just like when Da Fei first started working in the company, he did not have any loyalty to the company at all. He was lazy and looked down on his customers like birds' feathers. Not only that, but he also had all kinds of evil intentions from time to time. For example, would the old guild leader go bankrupt and beg for food because of him? Would the boss go and carry bricks when he went bankrupt? Wahaha, just thinking about that would be too awesome!

In other words, it was not a big deal no matter how many members he killed in Starry Sky. As for himself? He could not afford to lose! For example, if she suddenly made things difficult for him, he would really lose his integrity and PK him. Then, he would really die! Da Fei could not help but feel a sense of fear.

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "Alright, let's fight together now. I've tried earlier, but there's no hope for this tree. It's better to kill it!"

At this moment, the twisted face on the ancient tree struggled and shouted, “Save me! Don’t give up on healing!”

Dafei nodded. "That's right, it's hopeless!"

Compared to trying to save it, it was much easier to shoot it to death from afar. Most importantly, it was very easy to chat with the goddess while killing monsters.

Hence, Da Fei's Druid Forest Goddess Legion and the Goddess's Forest Hunter Legion stood at the periphery and shot from afar. Da Fei chatted and laughed with the Goddess.

The goddess smiled and asked, "Oh right, what kind of weapon is your golden flower demon? It's actually a long-range weapon with high damage!"

Da Fei chuckled and said, "The System gave it to me. It seems to be a special unit of the World Tree."

The goddess nodded. "I see. Then how did you get here so quickly? It took me a day to get here."

Dafei said in surprise, "Is it that difficult to get in?"

"Yeah, it's very troublesome."

Da Fei smiled and said, "I don't think so…" Humph, if a man wanted to capture the goddess' heart, he had to show his ability and make her admire him! However, he had to make her feel mysterious while showing his ability. That's right, I won't tell you that I have a God-level Reconnaissance Skill!

At this moment, the ancient tree was tired of being shot. It roared, "Why did you give up treatment! Why!!"

In an instant, a large number of mutated monsters roared from the treetops!

The goddess shouted, "Be careful!"

Humph, good timing! He did not even bat an eyelid. This is really the time for me to show off my expert demeanor and show my masculinity! Da Fei smiled. "Don't worry, you have me!"

At this moment, Da Fei's message rang. Damn, who is this? Da Fei looked. Thunder Fire Dragon!

Lei Huolong: "Brother Fei, are you free now? Let's talk about the legacy."

Damn! Da Fei said impatiently, "I received another mission. I haven't come out yet."

Lei Huolong replied, "I see. Then Brother Fei can slowly get busy, but try to do it as soon as possible. The bank will also be very busy during the new year."

F*ck! It's not like I'm talking about cash. What the hell is the bank busy with!

Da Fei suddenly thought of something. "Oh right, Brother Lei, what do you think the number one beauty in the China server, Bu Feiyan, likes?" They were all top professional players in China and were in the same circle. These nerds definitely knew more about nerdy beauties like Bu Feiyan, right?

At this moment, Ma Yinglong, who was boarding the Lightning Fire Dragon, was stunned. Brother Lei!? This change in attitude was too fast and too disgusting. Could it be that Xingchen had used a beauty trap to rope in this Da Fei? F*ck! I'll make you guys die!

That’s right, when it came to bargaining, even though Yinglong acted as if he was very generous and had sent his subordinates to negotiate, most of the time, he was the one in charge! Although it was very cheap, it had to be said that it was very useful. He could haggle without any integrity. He cheated people fiercely, and when he was complained, he would say one sentence. The subordinates did not handle it well, and when they could not come to an agreement, they would directly say one sentence. If the higher-ups did not agree, they could advance or retreat freely.

Hence, Ma Yinglong put on his Thunder Fire Dragon vest and asked, "Brother Fei, are you going to chase after him?" F*ck you, Brother Fei, this was the bad thing about wearing a vest.

Da Fei quickly replied, "Of course not. I'm just asking for fun."

The vest dragon chuckled. "Brother Fei, do you know that when professional experts fight, there will always be a large number of people staring at the television wall as advisors?"

Da Fei was stunned. "Ah, he seems very generous."

"Brother Fei, what time is it now?"

What time? Da Fei looked at the time. 2 AM! What the heck, another day had passed unknowingly! Da Fei said in surprise, "What does Brother Lei mean?"

The vest dragon smiled and said, "I only know that Beauty Deng is an imposter and not a homebody. In other words, her account is managed by someone from the company. At this point in time, I think she must be sleeping with a cucumber mask on her face. Staying up late is a great enemy of beauty. In short, other than a few people in her company, who knows if the person on her account is the real person? Maybe it's a burly man with an ugly foot?"

— Pfft! Scratchy man! The kind that swindles money and sex? Da Fei instantly felt a chill run down his spine.

"Anyway, that's all I know. Brother Fei, take your time!"

Da Fei's elated mood instantly fell to rock bottom. However, it was easy to confirm that she was a transvestite. This game could be connected on the spot! However, there was still a problem. There was a large group of staff officers watching behind her! Were they watching him play a monkey? Furthermore, he asked for a video from her, and she also asked for a video from him. What should he do? Anyway, she often appeared on television and did not care about others watching. However, he was prepared to receive the award at any time, okay? He cared a lot about letting others see it? Da Fei's mood became tangled again.

In the face of Da Fei's heavy firepower and long-range attacks, the monsters launched by the Ancient Tree were not worth mentioning. They were quickly wiped out.

Bu Feiyan smiled like a flower: "Not bad, not bad, so strong!"

Dafei said numbly, "It's just so-so."

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "No matter what, we're comrades now. Let's add each other as friends?"

— System Message: Bu Feiyan wishes to add you as a friend. Do you agree?

His goddess had taken the initiative to add him as a friend! No matter how he looked at it, this should be a good thing that made Da Fei ecstatic, right? But no matter how he looked at it, Da Fei looked like a transvestite who had ill intentions and wanted to swindle money and sex, right?

Da Fei nodded in agreement.

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "Where were we talking about? By the way, your ship is world-renowned. I really want to take a look."

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! Shemale spy! Da Fei sighed. "Sigh… Forget about the ship."

Bu Feiyan said in surprise, "What happened to the ship?"

Da Fei pretended to sigh. "If I lost my ship, would you still treat me as a friend… a comrade?"

Hmph, hmph, in the past, there was a tall, rich, and handsome man who pretended to be a * * * to pursue his goddess. "If I didn't have money, would you love me?" The goddess rejected him flatly. "I'm sorry, I've never loved money. Your character makes me feel uncomfortable. We're not suitable to be together!" Then, the tall, rich, and handsome man drove the helicopter out to slap his face! Brother's character is so unbearable. Fly up and hit me! What a cool scene!

Bu Feiyan nodded solemnly: "Of course."

What the heck! However, Da Fei did not have the mood to play games with unknown creatures. For a moment, Da Fei was speechless and silently fought monsters.

Bu Feiyan understood and comforted him. "Actually, it's okay. At your level, the ship is no longer important. If you're interested, I can recommend you to join our Guild of Stars!"

Not bad, you have good taste, but I'm not interested! Da Fei said calmly, "I'll consider it." Then, he stopped talking.

At this moment, the command center of Stars was indeed filled with laughter.

"Yo, yo, even the beauty failed to pull someone over!"

"Is his reputation good?"

"Haha, a ship is more important than a beauty, right?"

"He's being burned by fire and blown by a storm. Even God can't withstand it!"

"Let's see if he still dares to show off! He deserves it!"

Bu Feiyan said angrily, "What are you laughing at? His sinking of the ship is a huge loss to the China region!"

Everyone laughed. "That's right. It doesn't matter if the equipment is from the guild. If the ship isn't from the guild, it will be a huge loss!"

"Shut up!"

• • •

Da Fei was immersed in his "grief" and did not speak anymore. Bu Feiyan felt that he might have brought up the matter of the ship seducing him, so he tactfully stopped talking. After all, they were not very close.

The ancient tree was powerless to reverse the situation after launching a few futile attacks. After all, the difficulty of this mission was merely finding it. It was merely a tree.

“Why did you give up on healing?!” The ancient tree collapsed with an unwilling wail, its huge body causing smoke to fill the sky. As its distorted will disappeared, the illusion of the ancient tree space disappeared, turning into a barren grassland.

— System Message: You have received the mission "Purify the Ancient Wisdom Tree Space"! Please return to receive your reward!

A teleportation gate appeared on the grassland.

Bu Feiyan chuckled, "Thank you! It's good to know you. Let's keep in touch next time."

Dafei said numbly, "Yes, next time."

His first intimate contact with the goddess ended just like that under the threat of the human and demon shadow.