Chapter 178: An Epic Mission Reward For Lacking Money

Junwen

Under the guidance of the advisors, Da Fei brought Katarina and Serbia to the empty space in the center of the island. This was where Old Madam Anwen had ascended. It was also where they would repair the military transportation portal in the future.

The so-called military teleportation array was also a teleportation array that could teleport troops. Although it was mentioned previously that the Hell Race was the only race that could teleport armies, it meant that the civilian teleportation array in ordinary cities could teleport armies. Although the space technology of other races was not as good as the Devil's, as long as they were willing to invest some money, they could still do it. Of course, unless it was a special mission, it would still not be open to players. At the same time, it was also reminding Da Fei that this thing burned money!

The reason why he left Deirdre behind was mainly because Da Fei was afraid and wanted to hide in the gold house for a while. Anyway, he could not expect the merchants to upgrade her, and the Artillery Squad could not bring her out either. It would not be a big deal if she stayed behind.

A green light descended from the sky and the scene changed. A huge plaza shining with golden light appeared.

— System Message: You have discovered Farloran City World Tree Plaza.

Da Fei lifted his head and looked up at the golden haze in the sky. It was the crown of the World Tree. Looking around, he saw towering trees. Each tree had a large number of wooden buildings hanging on it. The giant trees were connected to the sky ladder, forming a dense web of air traffic. Giant Jade Dragon, small flower demons flew in and out of the city. The roaring waterfalls in the distant mountains formed a wide river that passed through the city's enormous forest and formed a huge lake. Dense flowers bloomed on the lake shore. In the river, boats from various countries traveled back and forth. The dock on the lake shore was busy.

This was the capital city of the Elven Kingdom, Faloran City, a city of water, land, and air traffic.

Before he could finish admiring this legendary Wonderland city, Da Fei's eye-catching red name instantly caused the surrounding players to exclaim. "The red name has entered the city!"

"Oh my god, it's the legendary Da Fei!"

At this moment, a group of city enforcement officers rushed over and surrounded Da Fei. "It has been verified that you have criminal records. Please accept our trial!"

Da Fei anxiously said, "Hey, hey! Damn, I'm busy! I'm the Hero of the Guild of Light!"

A white light flashed and the scene changed. It was the court again!

Holy f*ck! There's no justice in this world! As a hero who completed the Guild of Light mission, isn't killing a few people a piece of cake?

The officer named Adjudicator shocked everyone with his hammer. "Do you know your crime!"

— System Message: As a Red Name, your choice is as follows: You can accept the following punishment:…

F*ck, I'm deliberately causing trouble! I have no choice. I'm busy now, paying the fine.

— System Message: Your fine amount is insufficient. Do you want to use treasures to pay the fine balance?

Ah! Da Fei could not help but spit out a mouthful of shit! Didn't I just kill 60 people! I'm a hero! You can't treat me like this!

Da Fei let out a long sigh. The world is big, but the system is the greatest. There's no reason to talk to NPCs who specialize in the players. The so-called payment of treasures is nothing more than binoculars. Although 60 people were killed in the Kingdom War yesterday, more than ten foreigners were killed, and more than ten binoculars dropped. I don't lack any treasures, but I don't lack binoculars.

— System Message: You have received bail after paying a fine of 26,000 gold coins! You have become a yellow name.

The judge said with satisfaction, "Please treasure this hard-earned bail opportunity…"

As soon as the scene changed, Da Fei returned to the plaza with a blank expression. He was penniless now. Life was really full of ups and downs. He was just about to run around and do something big, but it was not enough that he was fined with his capital! Whatever, he still had the Epic Mission reward. He should not be so shabby.

At this moment, all the players on the plaza were whispering to each other.

"It's out, it's out! It's gone!"

"How much fines do you have to pay for killing dozens of Level 30 players?"

"Hey, hey, I heard his ship is gone."

F*ck! Who said that my ship is gone? Did the transvestite goddess say that? F*ck, I've never done anything that would make my enemies happy! I'll use my good looks to anger you to death!

Da Fei was excited. He held his head high and led the two beautiful sub-heroes towards the NPC guards under the World Tree. "I want to see the Chief-of-Staff!"

The guard said joyfully and respectfully, "So it's the Alliance's hero returning triumphantly. Please!"

Da Fei sighed inwardly. NPCs were indeed different. The scene changed again, and Da Fei appeared in a noisy hall.

A voice shouted, "Welcome back our hero!"

The hall was filled with thunderous applause.

A big-bellied Archdruid stepped forward with a smile. "Warrior! It's been hard on you. I thank you on behalf of the Elven Kingdom!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Of course. Of course!"

The Great Elder smiled and said, "This is a reward for warriors!"

With a flash of golden light, Da Fei heard the sound of nature!

— System Message: You have completed the Epic Mission "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool". You have received 5,000,000 EXP and 10 Skill Points. Your reputation in the Elven Kingdom has become Respect!

— System Message: You have completed the mission "Purify the Naasir Ancient Tree Space". You have received 1,000,000 EXP, 1 Skill Point, and 1 Knowledge.

The Great Elder led the applause once again. The applause in the hall continued for a long time.

Da Fei was stunned for a moment. Finished? This was the reward for the Epic Mission? Just 10 Skill Points? Although 10 Skill Points was equivalent to a player leveling up to 10 levels and could directly create two Master Skills, this was definitely not the outcome Da Fei was looking forward to. At the very least, where were the gold coins? An Epic Mission with no reward? What a joke! An Epic Mission! A mission to rewrite history!

Da Fei could not help but ask, "Sir, is this my reward? Where's the money? No reward?"

The Great Elder squinted his eyes and laughed. "Warrior, the money has already been rewarded to you! Think about it, the maintenance and renovation of your ship, the many ballistae and spare parts on your ship, as well as the free Forest Goddess, the title of Lord for the Warrior, the Level 1 Teleportation Array that the consultants applied for, and the Kingdom's Mages collectively cast spells to teleport the tree spirit workers. These are all the Kingdom's budgets, and it's all spent on the Warrior! The reward is worth more than a million gold coins, an astronomical figure!”

Da Fei was stunned! What the f*ck! There was such a thing? Something felt wrong.

The Great Elder continued with a smile, "Moreover, this is an exception that the kingdom made for the brave warriors. Under normal circumstances, the warrior would not be able to receive the reward unless he completed the mission."

F*ck! This is the wrong place!

Da Fei anxiously said, "This is obviously an investment that the kingdom has to make for war. How can it be mixed with my reward?"

The Great Elder's face darkened slightly. "According to the alliance's orders, the army does not belong to the officers. After the war, the kingdom will reclaim the army and supplies. However, we did not take back the army that the kingdom allocated to the warriors. Isn't this a reward?"

Da Fei was stunned and speechless. That seemed to make sense. If he really wanted to recycle it and exchange it for money, he wouldn't do it! It seemed like the economic consultant was right. The kingdom was short of money, so they could only use their inventory to pay for the rewards? Or did you embezzle the cash?

Alright, since you have so much stock, do you have any big ships in stock? Do you dare to throw one to me, and I'll return it to you as gold coins?

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']