Chapter 179: I'M Finally Rich!

Da Fei requested the chief of staff to reserve a large ship.

The Great Elder shook his head on the spot: "Warrior! This won't do. Firstly, this matter is not under my jurisdiction. Secondly, this matter is against our principles, we have to follow our principles."

Dafei asked anxiously, "What are the principles?"

First Elder said with a smile, "Of course it's according to the rules. If you have enough reputation, go buy the corresponding ship. How can there be a reason to get the ship first without paying?"

What the f*ck! I even accepted the reward first before completing the quest! So it turns out that I have no principles!

At the end of the day, this was the same as the company increasing benefits for outstanding employees. On the surface, the awarding of a car and a good office increased the treatment of the employees, but in the end, it was for the sake of better service for the company and not for free.

It seemed that the matter about the ship didn't make sense anymore, but it didn't matter. He still had the relationship of Mayor Caroline and Grand Duke Markal.

Now, it was time to get down to business!

Da Fei said seriously, "Old Elder, before I set off, Mayor Caroline promised that if I completed this difficult task, she would nominate me for the legacy of the Gelu Hero."

"Oh." The Great Elder patted Da Fei's shoulder and said earnestly, "As the Chief-of-Staff, I'm only in charge of commanding the battle. I don't care about important matters like the Heroes' Heritage. But at least, there's one point. The Warrior hasn't completed the mission. The Pool of Light hasn't been purified, right?"

Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of shit! Wasn't this supposed to be the reward from the Abyssal Blood Pool? Why did he have to include the Pool of Light as well? The World Tree had gone into hibernation. How long would it take for the Pool of Light to be completely purified?! Does that mean I have to stay like this for a few months?

The Great Elder said with a smile, "So, warrior, do your best to complete the purification mission of the Pool of Light. When the time comes, I'll nominate you as well and apply for the Gelu Hero's inheritance from the kingdom! You're the most outstanding hero in our alliance. This inheritance will definitely belong to you. And once it's completed, our Adviser Department will make an exception and promote you to be a lieutenant in the Elven Kingdom. That's a promising future!"

Da Fei was stunned. "No one else but me? Is there someone who wants to compete with me?"

The Great Elder smiled and said, "Who doesn't want to be the strongest hero? In order to speed up the development of the new world, the kingdom will select the inheritor among the ten most outstanding young men. But so far, the warrior is far ahead, so I think very highly of you!"

Recommending an app that was comparable to an old version of a book chasing divine weapon.

— System Message: You have obtained information on the Heroes of Gru.

What the heck! So this is a way to stimulate others to work hard for the kingdom! I'm not playing single-player games! Da Fei felt that he had been fooled. The so-called Heroes' Heritage was just a bunch of bananas hanging above an elephant's head. It was always right in front of him, but it was not so easy to eat!

Since someone is competing with me, as a human, can I really obtain the inheritance of the Elven Kingdom smoothly? I won't be internally decided, right? Tsk, I still have a big shot Markal as my backer in the human race, and the inheritance is divided into three parts. I'll settle the inheritance of the human race first. But is this inheritance really awesome? I feel that I have two sub-occupations now, which is already heaven-defying!

The Great Elder smiled and said, "In short, if there's anything you don't understand in the future, you can come to us anytime. This place will always be open to you!"

F*ck! It's not like it's the door to the female dormitory. I want it! The scene changed. Da Fei was sent to the Yggdrasill Square. Now, he was penniless. He did not even have the money to go back and look for Mayor Ellorin and Markal! The three Level 31 heroes cost 930 gold coins each time they teleported! Where could he find the toll? Could he bring a newbie to dungeon?

Just as he was feeling conflicted, Da Fei's message rang. He took a look. Thunder Fire Dragon! Oh yeah, the big sponsor is here! Why don't I borrow some money?

Lei Huolong said, "Brother Fei, you're online. Are you free now? Let's talk about the legacy. The earlier we talk, the earlier I can report to Boss."

Nonsense! A famous person like me will be the center of attention the moment I appear. It would be strange if you don't know that I'm being watched in Yggdrasill Square. That's fine too. It's time to make this big deal. As a professional gamer, I didn't even manage to do a single business!

Dafei said, "You're already so free that you're like a beggar. How do you want to trade?"

Lei Huolong smiled and said, "Brother Fei, do you have a gold digger account? We will use it to trade."

So that was how it was. As a professional player, there had to be an account for the gold digger intermediary. Although Hero Genesis was a world-class game, the game itself would never support the transactions between players in real money and virtual items. Online transactions still relied on this oldest method. The buyer would transfer cash to the intermediary company's account, and then the intermediary company would send a small account to the game to receive virtual items.

If there was no problem with the trading channel, then they would have to negotiate the price.

Lei Huolong smiled. "Brother Fei, name your price."

Name a price! This was not a small business like buying a pack of cigarettes or instant noodles. This was a big business worth millions. Once it was done, it would truly change his fate! Although Da Fei did not believe that the 10 million USD on the forum was exaggerated and had his own psychological price, he still could not help but be terrified when he really asked for a price! This was the fear of money from a poor man for many years!

How much? 500? 800? He really dared to ask for it! Or 300? No way, he would definitely bargain. How about 600?

Da Fei was conflicted. Thunder Fire Dragon, no, an alternate dragon, how could he not be conflicted? He was most afraid of players. He would occasionally get a top-grade item, but he did not know what it could be used for or how much it cost. If you asked for a price, he would say, "Tell me!" He would not say anything even if you gave him a price. He was afraid of losing out!

Take the initiative! As a big guild, he had to have the strength of a big guild. The armored dragon said: "Brother Fei, how about this, let's make a price, 1 million!”

Da Fei was stunned. "USD?"

F*ck you! How dare you open your mouth! The armored dragon cursed under his breath and sent a message: "1 million RMB."

However, even if it was $1 million, this was still within the psychological price range of the vest. After all, the hype in the world was so fierce that even a Level 4 Gryphon Breeder from Stars was valued at $1 million. This kind of false high value was certainly beneficial for gathering popularity in the early stages of the game, but the disadvantage was that it was very difficult for other big guilds to purchase accounts. Ma Yinglong believed that the so-called $8 million purchase of Godly Heroes from the Japanese server was definitely not $8 million.

Damn it! Da Fei was anxious. "That's too little! Any rich guy can offer this price!"

"Brother Fei, name your price!"

Dafei clenched his teeth. "6 million!"

Pfft! The vest dragon spat out! However, he had already prepared the excuse. "Brother Fei! Do you believe that our guild's main force can easily send out an Undead account worth tens of thousands to compete with this Vampiric Orc? It's very simple. Undead aren't afraid of others sucking their blood! If 6 million accounts can't even beat a few tens of thousands, what would we think? In the end, it's not worth the price. Brother Fei, don't be misled by the posts on the forum. How about this, 1.1 million! I can only make this decision!"

What the heck! This is too much! Da Fei said unhappily, "Brother Lei, your price is too disappointing. The Undead can't even defeat the Mage Academy. Are all the Undead Godly Heroes trash? They can't even be compared."

The armored dragon was anxious. "Who said that the Undead can't defeat the Mage Academy? What's the point of a Kingdom War? The power of the nation! The structure of the College of Justice is too small, and it can't compare to the mountains of Undead corpses and seas of blood. Not to mention that there aren't many players in the world who are working in the Mage Academy. It's even more difficult to form a group advantage. How can we fight the Undead?"

Da Fei sighed. "Brother Lei, let's not talk about this. This price is very difficult for me. I might as well sell it directly to a rich person. There are many rich people on Taobao."

The Masked Dragon smiled coldly. "Brother Fei, it's your freedom to sell to whoever you want. However, the tycoon bought your inheritance and is defeated by a few Undead players with ordinary accounts every other day. What do you want the tycoon who bought the account to think?"

I don't care what he thinks! If I sell it, I'll be worried!

Suddenly, Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Wait a minute, there was a hidden meaning in his words. This was a warning. It meant that whoever dared to fight with the Dragon Slayer, they would PK him until he couldn't survive? Then sell his account? F*ck, with the nature of hemorrhoid cream, he could do such a thing! Maybe the Dragon Slayer had already started threatening him when he posted the advertisement? If that was the case, even the rich wouldn't dare to buy it.

And what did this "if I can't sell it to them" mean? Was it a warning to him? Did it mean that he would offend them if he didn't sell it to them?

What the f*ck! Although I'm not afraid of offending any player in the game, as a professional gamer, I still have to consider the feelings of a rich gamer if I want to earn money and make a fortune, right? And isn't this Dragon Slaying a rich gamer? But no matter how rich a gamer is, they can't bully their customers!

Da Fei mustered his courage and refused to back down. "I won't sell it for less than 5 million!"

Jia Long sighed and said, "How about this? Actually, my position can only be sold for 1 million at most. If Brother Fei feels that it's a loss, I'll let the boss talk to him personally."

Oh? Did that mean that the boss would definitely offer more than 1 million? Da Fei said, "Sure!"

Shortly after, Da Fei's message rang. This time, it was "Dragon Scale", which was Ma Yinglong's main body.

That’s right, Ma Yinglong had taken off his vest and bare-chested himself. The way of bargaining was to first deal with a small person, then deal with a gentleman later. The use of a vest was to bargain without any moral integrity and carry out threats. Now that the main body had stepped out, of course, it was to ease the atmosphere and create a strong contrast, while the other side had made a concession.

Long Lin sighed and said, "Mr. Da Fei, I'm really sorry. My subordinates only know how to play games and have no experience. Please forgive me, Mr. Da Fei."

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned. He coughed dryly and said, "Well, Chairman Ma, friendship is friendship, business is business. I saw the Dragon Slaying signboard and decided to sell it to you. I can't accept your price."

Long Lin sighed and said, "Mr. Da Fei, our guild has a specialized marketing team. The value of every high-level Virtual Item will be carefully calculated. Of course, we have to do business and make friends. I admire Mr. Da Fei's ability very much. In order to make a friend of Mr. Da Fei, I'll offer a friendship price of 2 million. What do you think, Mr. Da Fei? Mr. Da Fei can do an investigation on Taobing Internet. Currently, there's no large business transactions that exceed 2 million in the China server. Most of them are around 350,000. This is the difference between hyping up the market and the real market. Or rather, this is the difference between the prices of goods in the China server and prices in the foreign servers. If we exceed this price, our Dragon Slayer Guild can't bear it and can only give up. After all, we've been poor for the New Year. We really don't have much money left. What do you think, Mr. Da Fei? Of course, you can choose to keep your transactions. We don't have any benevolence or thoughts!"

For a moment, Da Fei was trembling and speechless.

2 million! Double! But it was still far below Da Fei's psychological price!

However, it was undeniable that this was an astronomical sum, especially for Da Fei who had bought some washing potions and was so poor that he could only eat instant noodles and roujiamos!

Would a poor man be willing to suffer a huge loss to earn the two million yuan in front of him and change his fate, or would he wait for the uncertain future to earn five million yuan?

The answer was obvious! In the eyes of the poor, two million yuan was no different from five million yuan. Only the money in one's hands was worth a lot of money! Just like how a gambler with little money could not compete with a gambler with more money, he did not have the confidence to negotiate with them! Not to mention that he had a small Blood-Sucking legacy, which meant that this legacy was not a unique treasure! There were hundreds of millions of players in the world, and countless fortuitous encounters, could they really not get a legacy?

Finally, Da Fei made up his mind. "Alright! Since the guild leader is willing to be my friend, I'll sell it for 2 million!"

Ma Yinglong was overjoyed. "As expected of the legendary Brother Fei. You're too generous. I admire you too much! I, Ma, will definitely be your friend!"

F*ck! Not only did you take advantage of me, you even made me, the number one expert in the China region, your friend. You're really something! If I don't pluck a single strand of your hair, I'll feel uncomfortable all over!

Da Fei sighed and said, "President Ma, I killed dozens of people from Stars and was punished by the system. Can you help me?"

Ma Yinglong laughed out loud. "Good kill, good kill! No problem. When our transaction is almost complete, we will send a sub account to Brother Fei."

Da Fei sighed. Damn it.

• • •

— Ding-Dong! Da Fei's phone message rang. 95533!!!

Da Fei trembled as he opened the message and counted the six zeroes over again. Tears streamed down his face as he laughed. "I'm rich, I'm finally rich! Haha! Wahahaha…"