Chapter 176: Deirdre As Artillery Chief

Da Fei slept until noon the next day. It should have been 4,5 days in the game, right? Hurry up!

After soaking up instant noodles, squatting in the toilet to brush his teeth, he came out to eat cold steamed buns, pickled vegetables, and instant noodles. Then, he logged into the game. The moment he entered the game, he saw SV Fly slowly moving towards the island in the middle of the lake with more than ten large oar boats full of miscellaneous materials. It can work! Katerina can really do it! Haha, wahahaha!

Just as he was feeling ecstatic, a row of system notifications appeared.

— System Message: The Pond of Light barrier has disappeared. You and your sub-hero can be upgraded!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 31! You have received 1 Free Attribute Point, 1 Attack Point bonus from the Primary Ranger Class, 1 Skill Point, + 2 Health Points, + 1 Command Power.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Katerina has leveled up to Level 31!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has leveled up to Level 31!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your trial Deputy Hero Deirdre has leveled up to Level 14…

• • •

— System Message: Congratulations! Your trial hero, Deirdre, has leveled up to Level 20! You received 1 Free Attribute Point, + 1 Attack, + 1 Skill Point, + 2 Health, + 1 Command Power, + 1 Personal Damage.

• • •

Da Fei could not help but be stunned. He thought that after defeating tens of thousands of EXP worms outside the Luminous Pool, he would be able to accumulate tens of millions of EXP inside the Abyssal Blood Pool. In the end, all three of his beloved sub-heroes were wiped out. He had only leveled up once! He thought that once he went out, the golden light would flash continuously and he would instantly become the number one person in the world!

In the end, this was the disadvantage of having many sub-heroes.

When players hired sub-heroes, if leveling up did not have an effect of 1 + 1 or 2, then the value of the sub-heroes was questionable. Thus, players rarely hired sub-heroes at this stage of the game, so that leveling up would not drag them down. If they encountered top-grade heroes or beauties, they would rather not have any than not have any. This was why players from all countries rarely brought sub-heroes in this war.

Of course, it was mainly because Deirdre's level was low and she was eating EXP. She had leveled up several times in a row. At this rate, how long would it take for Deirdre to safely reach Level 50 and become an official Hero? There was still a long way ahead.

In short, now that the war was over, he had slept and woken up. It was time to plan his future. First of all, he had to arrange a job for Deirdre. There was nothing else to say. He had to be the Artillery Chief.

— Artillery Chief: Artillery Chief can at least increase the morale of the Artillery Squad in the Artillery Cabin by + 1, Health Points + 10%, Physical Strength + 10%. Artillery Chief must have the hero of the Junior War Machine.

Among the adjutant positions in the nautical seafaring field, the Artillery Chief was probably the most boring and had the weakest sense of presence. The main reason was that the Ballista was special to the lifeless machine. It did not receive any equipment or other skills. Therefore, it was very difficult for the Artillery Chief to have any achievements in the Ballista. In short, it was probably a job where he stayed in the cabin every day to play cards, drink, and fish with his gunmen. However, the advantage of this job was that it was safe. It was nestled in the heavily armored gun cabin. There was no need for melee battles, and the chances of survival were the highest.

However, as a Cannon Master who specialized in Cannon Mastery, Deirdre might be different? Anyway, she was back. Da Fei could finally take a peek at the hidden meaning of Cannon Master. What happened yesterday happened one after another. He did not even have time to look at them.

At this moment, Deirdre's attributes were as follows:

— Deirdre: A mysterious banshee who pursues the path of a hero.

Level: 20

Occupation: Master Level Cannon Artist. Increases Ballista Damage by 100%. Every time the Hero level increases by one level, there will be an additional Attack and an additional Free Attribute Point.

Hero Special Ability: Banshee Leader. For every level up, the Banshee troops' Attack and Defense will increase by 1 point. At the same time, the Hero has the ability to train Banshee.

Occupational Skills: Iron Lady, Ballistics, Rapid Fire, Smoke Bomb, Burning Bullet, Poison Bullet

— Iron Lady: Hero's Ballista receives the explosive effect. It can deal 5 + 5x magic damage to the area near the bullet point.

— Ballistics: Master Artist's Ballista Range increases by 25%.

— Rapid Fire: Cannon Artist can increase the Ballista's attack speed by 50%. When this skill is activated, the Ballista's durability will decrease.

— Smoke Bomb: Cannon Gunner can create and release smoke bombs to confuse the enemy.

— Burning Bullet: Cannon Gunner can create and release Burning Bullets to create chaos for the enemy.

— Poison Gas Bomb: Cannon Gunner can create and release Poison Gas Bullets to create chaos for the enemy.

Hero Skill: Master-level Study of War Machines (Ballista Master), Advanced Dark Magic

Command Power: 100

Attack: 40 (Basic 17 points, Treasure + 3, Upgrade Point + 20)

Defense: 42 (Basic: 13, Treasure + 29)

Magic Power: 10

Knowledge: 10

Damage: 21-35

Health: 413 (Treasure + 102, Upgrade + 40)

Magic Resistance: 50%

Fire Resistance: 75%

Attack Speed: 11

Hero Special Skill: Flying Creature, Charm Master, Chain Shot, Transformation Skill, Banshee Training Master

Hero's Treasure (Note: This treasure is a Hero's personal item. If a player uses it lightly, it will lower the Hero's loyalty):

— Dwarf King's Armor: Grade B Strategy Treasure, Defense + 10, Magic Resistance Chance + 15%

— Dwarf King's Helmet: Grade B Strategy Treasure, Defense + 5, Army Immunity to Blind Magic.

— Dwarf King's Rune Shield: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Defense + 8, Magic Resistance Chance + 20%

— Dwarf King's Iron Fist: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Attack + 3, Defense + 3, Attack Speed increased by 5%.

— Dwarf King's Legguards: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Defense + 3, Army Immunity to Delay Magic.

[Additional Reward for the Dwarf King Set: Army Health + 2, Hero Health + 100]

• • •

Dafei took a deep breath!

The special ability of a Rank 4 soldier was a rare hero worth a million US dollars on the market. He had inherited the legendary hero, Dirib's godly skill, "Iron Lady". This was the Banshee Hero that the other big countries were crazy about! And this Banshee Hero had brought Third Brother's full set of Rank B treasures and finally returned to his arms. Haha! Wahahaha! He was going against an entire country!

However! She could not get carried away. Firstly, she did not have character or loyalty attributes! Furthermore, she had automatically allocated Skill Points and attribute points to herself. This meant that before completing Heroes' Path, she was still an incomplete hero. Even her ownership had not been determined?

In short, if you don't want others to betray you, you won't give her the chance to betray you. I won't accept any pointless missions anymore. As for her treasure, it's a personal item. I definitely can't touch it. That's right, some special heroes will bring treasures with them once they join the players' team. This treasure player can't touch it. Once he does, he will leave.

At this moment, Deirdre grinned and came to Da Fei. "Thank you, Master, for appointing me to such an important post. I will definitely do my best and showcase what I've learned!"

What did Da Fei learn? Da Fei was looking forward to it. He chuckled and said, "It's not easy being the Artillery Chief. Can you introduce me to the Artillery Master's skills?"

Deirdre smiled and said, "Of course, the ordinary Study of War Machines is only one person playing with machines, but the Artillery Master can command all the gunners in the army to play with machines. It's totally not a tactical level existence!"

As expected! Da Fei said in surprise, "That means that the Ballista Artist's Ballistics, Rapid Fire, and Smoke Bullet Skills are all used by the Ballista Artist?"

Deirdre smiled. “That’s right! The more cannons Master has, the more useful I can be! Especially when Master has a gun cabin ship or a city wall with many turrets! As for the Smoke Curtain Bomb, I will need Master to pay for the materials. I will make it.”

So that's how it is! This is a Cannon Master! As expected of an existence that surpasses skills and can become a hero class! They are indeed not on the same level! Based on this, if my Voyager research and development is complete, it will definitely surpass the existence of Voyage Techniques! That's right, with this Storm Voyager, I don't know how many Voyage Techniques will be killed instantly!

Da Fei laughed out loud. "Good! That's great! You're a hero who's allocated for my battleship!"

Deirdre also smiled. "Of course, only by following the hero, the hero, can I maximize my abilities!"

So that's how it is! So this is the reason why I stole the beauty from so many countries! As a trial hero, Deirdre not only has safety concerns, but she also has career aspirations. In the entire world, only I can satisfy her! Haha, wahahaha!

Now, SV Fly had already reached the lake island. Looking from afar, the lake island had already been built into the prototype of a fortress. So fast! I changed so much when I woke up? Wahahaha! Oh right, I have to praise Katerina. If it wasn't for her brother, how could I sleep so peacefully?

“I’m sorry, everyone. I was too tired yesterday, so I fell asleep on my chair. Now that I’m almost done, I’ll try my best to make up for it.”