Chapter 184: The Beginning Of The Chamber Of Commerce

— System Message: You have accepted the Epic Mission "Resurrection of the Dragon Knight Merchant Group"!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have become the chairman of Dragon Knight Merchant Association! You can now check the current state of the guild through the guild management panel.

Dragon Knight Merchant Association: Sea Merchant Association cursed by Sea God.

Comprehensive Level: 1 (Level 1 Sea Merchant Group, Level 0 Adventurers Guild, Level 0 War Guild, Level 0 Trade Merchant Guild)

Level 1 Sea Merchant Association: Additional merchant experience and reputation 1%.

Reputation points: -1.04 million.

Current Chamber of Commerce Special Feature: Business discount.

Guild Leader: Da Fei (Quest appointment, unable to be transferred)

Guild Base: The office of Florine Sea Chamber of Commerce 003.

Guild assets: 0

Guild Ship: 0

Guild officers: 0

Guild members: 0

Current members of the guild: 100.

• • •

Warning: The guild is in a state of negative Reputation. If there are any security accidents or defaults, the guild will be forcibly dissolved.

The brief introduction of the attributes of the guild was no different from that of a new guild. Only this -1.04 million reputation points hurt Da Fei's eyes! -1.04 million reputation points! What the heck! What level upgrade!

The upgrade of guilds was different from the upgrade of players. The players needed experience, and the guild was Reputation. Every time the guild completed a transaction, Reputation would be added to every mission. When the Reputation was enough, the guild's attributes would be upgraded, the guild's new skills would be developed, and the guild's recruitment limit would be increased. At the same time, they would receive higher-end missions.

In other words, not only would he have to survive the Sea God's curse, but he would also have to wipe out the -1.04 million reputation points within a month in real life!

As expected of an epic quest! What a pain in the ass! Is such a troublesome guild really worth me saving? Will there really be meaning behind it after its level increases? Speaking of which, as long as a low-level guild is upgraded, they don't need to spend resources and time to develop new guild skills. This means that this is the advantage of the guild. However, the prerequisite is that if they want to level up, they have to first level up their reputation!

It doesn't matter. If I fail, I'll clear my name. I'll just pretend that I didn't accept this quest. Speaking of which, I seem to have become the world's number one guild leader now, right? Why didn't the world broadcast? Did the quest not count?

At this moment, Otheriman smiled and said, "As expected of Mr. Da Fei. I'm relieved to have given you such a difficult task. Sir, you can go to the shipyard to collect the ship now. At the same time, I'll inform the Sea Merchant Association to clear out the office of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association's encampment."

Recommending an app that was comparable to an old version of a book chasing divine weapon.

Da Fei nodded. "Okay, I'll go now." Suddenly, Da Fei remembered that he had two underlings. His brother was rich. If he did not let his underlings benefit, his loyalty would be a problem!

Da Fei quickly smiled and said, "Mr. Mayor, can you sponsor two medium-sized ships of mine? After all, it's a newly opened enterprise. There should be at least four to five people and seven to eight guns! It's just one ship going out to sea alone. It's too boring."

The mayor shook his head and smiled. "I'm an honest official. I really don't have much money to privately sponsor you, but what Mr. Da Fei said makes sense. How about this, I'll ask the shipyard to lend a ship to Mr. Da Fei. There shouldn't be any problem with medium-sized ships. No matter whether this mission succeeds or fails, you have to pay back the shipyard's debt immediately."

Clean my ass! Da Fei nodded repeatedly. "Thank you, Mayor!"

I finally understand. This mayor's special skill is "credit"! Otherwise, why would I be able to receive the reward first, then complete the mission, first build the Banshee Camp, then pay? God-level special ability! A mayor who doesn't know how to credit isn't a good mayor! Wahahaha!

The mayor smiled and said, "But I have to remind you that even if you have a boat, you have to have enough reputation to drive a member. You can't be too sure about that."

Dafei nodded. "Understood, understood!"

In the game, not only did you have to have enough Reputation Points to buy a ship, but you also had to have enough Reputation Points to drive a ship, which was equivalent to a driver's license. Otherwise, it would be too convenient for a big account to buy a ship and trade for a small account. Although the two lackeys definitely did not have enough Reputation Points to drive a ship, Brother's goal was to let them see Big Brother's capabilities and make them work hard for him!

• • •

While Da Fei was meeting the mayor, the soldiers and Dawei outside the gate were not idle either.

The soldier immediately sent a screenshot of the computer science team that had dispersed last night. "Big Liu, did you see that? How is it? We're holding onto someone powerful. The number one person in the country, the legendary Brother Fei. Let's all hang out together."

Big Liu laughed. "Which awesome person said that he wanted to build a career and form a university battle team? If he had said that he wanted to live under someone else's roof, we would have joined Stars directly. Would we have been beaten up like dogs? To be honest, I don't think highly of this Da Fei. He killed dozens of people from Stars and has yet to wash off the label of a traitor. I advise you not to get too close to him. If he's awesome, others can't touch him, but he can't touch you?"

The soldier said angrily, "If you didn't break up with us, would we have stayed under someone else's roof?"

Da Liu laughed coldly. "Not everyone has the ability to lead. We don't think we're the leaders, so we'll listen to you. But you're not much better than us. Who can you blame?"

The soldier sighed. "Alright, alright. I won't say anything more. Lend me some money and we'll buy a boat. We'll pay you back when we're rich."

"What money, the war has already been cleared!"

"You have it in your bank!"

"That won't do. Don't even think about it."

"D * mn! I didn't forget to tell you guys that I had something good to do. I asked you guys to lend me some game coins but you refused. Are you guys still schoolmates?"

"It's not a good thing. If you want to jump into the pit, do it yourself. We won't play with you!"

The soldier was furious. "Fine, fine, fine! You guys are good! F*ck!"

Dawei, who was at the side, was speechless as he watched their conversation. He finally couldn't help but say, "Can this Da Fei cover us?"

The soldier lit a cigarette and puffed out a ring of smoke. He was also silent. The atmosphere in the dormitory gradually became heavy. The two of them started to think about life with dull eyes.

For high-spirited college students like them, they always wanted to do something big after graduation, marry a rich, beautiful woman, and stand at the pinnacle of their lives. But in reality, when everyone thought this way, it was that no one was willing to submit to anyone. Even the people around them could not be united, and they could not even do a small career in the game!

Just as he was feeling confused, the door flashed with white light and Da Fei came out.

The soldier pulled himself together and smiled. "Brother Fei is out!"

Da Fei sighed. "Are you really waiting here? Students, you have to hurry up and do whatever you can. Don't do this again!"

"Yes, yes! Brother Fei is right."

Da Fei waved his hand in satisfaction. "Let's go. I'll take you to the shipyard."

The soldier said happily, "A ship?"

Dafei said proudly, "That's right, one is mine and the other one is yours. But you can't drive it, so you have to use the time to increase your Reputation, understand?"

The soldier said in surprise, "I understand! I understand. We'll stay up all night to boost our reputation! We won't let Brother Fei down!"

— System Message: Dragon Rider Sea Merchant Association's President, Da Fei, invites you to join Dragon Rider Sea Merchant Association. Do you accept?

Looking at the system notification that suddenly appeared, both of them were stunned. Dawei didn't understand. The soldiers were in disbelief!

"What's wrong?" Da Fei pretended to be calm and turned around to see their reaction.

The soldier was overjoyed. "Brother Fei! Brother Fei, I'm kneeling to you again. You're awesome! The guild leader! I'm wondering if I'm seeing things! It seems like there's no guild in this world. Brother Fei is the world's number one guild leader!"

Da Fei smiled. "This is a guild that came on a mission. It's much more meaningful than ordinary guilds. Anyway, at my level, I don't care about competing with others for first place."

The soldier was so excited that he peed his pants. "Brother Fei is mighty! Brother Fei is so generous!"

Even Honest Weibo, who had been in a daze, shouted, "Brother Fei is too strong!"

This was the effect he wanted when recruiting followers. It was indeed much more fulfilling than playing the single-player version! Da Fei finally could not help but laugh.

Amidst the attention of the crowd, Da Fei led his beautiful underling and strutted towards the shipyard.

The soldier strode forward with his head held high. He had mixed feelings! He had taken the right step! If he wanted to see further, he would have to stand on the shoulders of the giant. Should he run faster or should he stand on the shoulders of the giant? He didn't even need to expend any effort! After he sailed the ship, he would let Da Liu and the rest take a look! Tsk, they were nothing! The position of the vice-president was definitely mine. They weren't even fit to carry my shoes. However, on account of our alumni, as long as they begged me obediently, I would let them enter the association to do odd jobs. Hahahaha!

Erolyn Shipyard.

The shipyard manager personally went forward to welcome him. "Welcome, Mr. Da Fei. We've been waiting for you for a long time. Our factory has a few ready-made medium-sized sailing ships. Which one do you need, Mr. Da Fei? Let me introduce you first. With your current Reputation, you can use our best mid-sized Gallen mid-sized armed cargo ship. The advantage of a medium-sized ship is that it can also have a very good speed in the calm coastal waters. At the same time, the cargo capacity can also satisfy the need for medium-range transportation. Additionally, four gun turrets can also effectively pose a threat to the pirate ships in the coastal waters."

Ship Name: Galen Medium Armed Ship

Price: 25,000 gold coins, 130,000 City Reputation or Respect Reputation Points.

Ship Special Skill: None

Ship Model: Medium-sized double-masted deck cargo ship.

Ship cargo capacity: 300 units

Ship's gun turret cabin: 4 gun positions. (Left port 2, right port 2)

Ships with minimum crew capacity: 8

Ship durability: 30,000 / 30,000

Ship Speed: 8

Ship Armor Defense: Left port 50, right port 50, bow 30, stern 30.

Ship Room Production: Pilot Room 1, Captain's Room 1, Adjutant's Rest Room 4, Accounting Room 1, Kitchen Room 1, infirmary 1, Sears Room 1 (30 members)

• • •

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood as he looked at the durability of a medium-sized ship that was as high as 30,000! Damn it, my SV Fly has 2000 durability and went to the Devil World! So my SV Fly has deteriorated to that extent! Even a fully resurrected SV Fly is much stronger than a medium-sized ship, right?

The manager asked, "What do you think, sir? This is our best medium-sized ship."

Da Fei waved his hand. "This is it!" 25,000 gold coins! What the heck, although money is not a problem, if it wasn't for the mayor, I really wouldn't be able to eat it!

The manager bowed and said, "Welcome, sir. You can also choose a medium-sized ship!"

Considering that these two lackeys' Reputation Points were a problem, Da Fei said, "I want the easiest one, and the one with the most stock."

The manager nodded. “We have a lot of those here. A medium-sized Clark cargo ship. It gives up speed, so the ship looks bloated, but it’s loaded. The downside is that it doesn’t have the capacity to be armed. It needs to be heavily defended.”

Ship Name: Medium Clark Cargo

Price: 18,000 gold coins, 100,000 Eloin City Reputation Points.

Ship Special Skill: None

Ship Model: Medium-sized double-masted deck cargo ship.

Ship cargo capacity: 500 units

Ship Cannon Cabin: None

Ships with minimum crew capacity: 8

Ship durability: 30,000 / 30,000

Ship Speed: 4

Ship Armor Defense: Left port 35, right port 35, bow 25, stern 25

Ship Room Production: Pilot Room 1, Captain's Room 1, Adjutant's Rest Room 4, Accounting Room 1, Kitchen Room 1, infirmary 1, Sears Room 1 (30 members)

‘ It’s standard train leather. There’s nothing to say. Just it.’

The manager bowed and said, "Welcome, sir. We will take a day to wax the two ships and get them into the water. Please wait for another day."

Da Fei nodded and said to them, "See that? 100,000 reputation points. Work hard!"

The two of them said excitedly, “Thank you Brother Fei! We will definitely work hard!”