Chapter 187: Xue Wei Studio'S Revenge

After the mission was issued, the vampire butler appeared again. "Sir, an important guest has arrived."

The Duke nodded and instructed Da Fei, "The mission is difficult. Please prepare yourself for the cold and prepare to set off. Send the guests off!"

Da Fei was stunned. Important guest? Player or NPC? Hey, hey, what kind of random guest is more important than me? I still have the Phantom Ballista and special forces training to communicate with you! Oh right, the key is that I still have to discuss with you about the Hero's Heritage that Gelu left on the human side!

The butler bowed and said, "Mr. Dafei, please!"

It seemed like there was no other way. The big shot was very busy. It was already not bad that he could specially spend so much time to issue a Chamber of Commerce mission for him. Also, it was unlikely that the same NPC would give more than two missions at the same time. It was time to send him off. However, when he thought about someone being called an "important guest" in the Duke's house, Da Fei felt inexplicably unhappy. It was best not to be a player. Alright, this was jealousy.

After leaving the Duke's Residence, Da Fei appeared on the crowded street again. The players who were queuing up to receive the mission were shocked again. "Da Fei is out!"

"Make way in front! Make way!" A crowd of people squeezed up behind the crowd.

"Hey, hey, there's a chance." The players in line whispered to each other and moved to the side.

Needless to say, Xue Wei Studio must have come looking for trouble. Da Fei could not help but sigh.

Da Fei's God-grade Reconnaissance Skill, Grandmaster Ballista, and Master-level Special Forces training all revolved around the Banshee. That was how he got to where he was today. To the Blood View Studio, which contributed to the Banshee's Mother Dierdre, Da Fei still felt a little… grateful and guilty. Of course, the main thing was that the other party was a girl. Snatching things from girls was very…

Anyway, let's see what they have to say. I represent the image of the China region now, and I'm also a person with Chamber of Commerce and underlings. It's important to win people over with virtue. When I'm rich, I'll just return them to the Banshee. If they don't like Banshee, they can come to the Chamber of Commerce to do business. As long as they're not afraid of sinking the ship, hmph.

Dozens of players crowded forward. Da Fei was stunned. They are all men? Da Fei immediately understood. So that's how it is!

The beauty guilds were powerful not because of their combat power, but because of their fan club, or to put it more bluntly, how strong their husband's team was! For example, the famous beauty team, the "Sakura Group", which was endorsed by celebrities in Japan, was even more famous internationally than Mitsubishi. In the early stages of the open beta testing, the Sakura Group was extremely popular, and the combat power of their fan club could be said to be fanatical.

"Da Fei, right?" The player in the lead, who was wearing silver armor and a red cloak named "Rose Knight", said coldly.

Da Fei's brows twitched! Rose Knight? Did that mean he was going to ride all of Xue Wei's women? This name was * * *!

Under Da Fei's Reconnaissance Skill, he could see the opponent's equipment. It was a [B] class Strategy Treasure, the Lion's Heart Set! Although it did not have the Dwarf Set that Ah San gave Deirdre, it had all sorts of anti-magic special skills. However, it added Attack, Defense, and Explosion! This must have been bought from a treasure store in the city, right? This was a tycoon!

Holy f*ck! That's true. Everyone knew that the beauties of Blood Verdant Workshop had extremely high standards. Ordinary beauties were not even qualified to kneel and lick their feet. To be able to become a husband meant that he was not an ordinary tall, rich, and handsome man! And now, it was obviously an occasion to look for trouble. It would definitely be inconvenient for Blood Verdant's beautiful players to appear.

It was a woman after all. There was nothing he could do about it. It would affect his image if he was scolded in any situation. Look, he was such a considerate female player! He was the true friend of women! Alright, look after those beautiful women. I'll let you see my masculinity!

Da Fei said calmly, "I'm very busy. If you want to fight, hurry up. But let me remind you, Yellow Name has human rights too. Do you dare to fight?"

The Rose Knight said coldly, "As a pile of shit, you think that others don't dare to step on you. You think that you are invincible. Actually, you are just a pile of shit. Do you dare to go to the arena!"

Everyone immediately shouted, "Look at that, look at that, what a big piece of sh * t, still pretending to be famous to scare people. It's actually just trash that doesn't even dare to go to the arena!"

F*ck! Da Fei was furious!

Although their provocation was low-level, it was very effective! Especially for Da Fei, who was confident about starting his career, this was simply intolerable.

Da Fei raised his little finger and said coldly, "You have such low standards when you're full of shit and urine. When I'm slaughtering the sun and destroying the beauty, you don't know which dung pit you're soaking in. Fine, I'll beat you up in the arena!"

The crowd cheered. "Let's go, arena!"

At this moment, there was also cheers in Xue Wei's studio!

Qiqi exclaimed, “Look, look! Big Sis’ Prince Charming Lin Tianhao is going to avenge Big Sis!”

Big Sis Zhou Qing said angrily, "What Prince Charming, what nonsense are you spouting!"

Everyone laughed and said, "That's right, that's right. What nonsense are you spouting? We don't even know who is riding who!"

Big Sis Zhou Qing was enraged: “Shut up!”

Everyone's heads shrank and they immediately fell silent. In private, there were all kinds of small actions. Immediately, the street view of St. Paul's Harbor appeared on the big screen on the wall. The Rose Knight and the hateful Da Fei were walking toward the arena with their heads held high. The people on both sides of the street moved aside. At the same time, the city channel was filled with noise.

The beauties in the studio whispered, "Why is that scumbag so smug? Brother Tianhao, destroy him!"

"Don't look down on him. This scumbag completed the mission of the Kingdom War and is very arrogant in Erolyn."

"Then we must destroy him even more!"

"Brother Tianhao, you can do it!"

At this moment, Zhou Qing was gritting his teeth and clenching his fists as he stared at the screen, his eyes filled with frost!

• • •

Although Da Fei walked valiantly to the arena, he was starting to feel nervous.

Just now, Da Fei was in a fit of anger. There were many people from the other party, so he did not take a closer look. Now, Da Fei realized that this fellow also had a sub-hero. His face was covered, and he wore a cloak and a pitch-black Hero's Halo. His race was unknown, and so was his Hero class! Which hidden Hero was this? His attire looked like an Assassin's? He knew Stealth? His Godly Reconnaissance Skill should be able to find him, right?

However, even if they managed to find her, they would still have to defeat her. Even a piece of trash like Alicia, who was full of acrobatics, would probably not be able to defeat her.

Needless to say, the other party’s equipment advantage was even greater than his own. He only had an arachne armor, but the rest was still a mix of pirate leather armor. The Reconnaissance Skill could only see the large equipment on the other party’s body, and the small equipment on the support column couldn’t be seen, but it was probably not bad either. In short, his attribute point advantage from his dual part-time job was definitely offset by his top-quality set. After all, he was still a newbie who hadn’t changed classes and had 20 attribute points less than normal people.

This nouveau riche was not simple at all! F*ck, someone who had become the husband of a beauty studio was definitely not simple.

The more Da Fei thought about it, the more he felt that the situation was not good! He was the number one person in the China region. He couldn't possibly lose to him, right? He was trampling on celebrities to gain fame and beauties! He would never sacrifice himself for others.

What should I do? I still have 10 Skill Points. Should I use them? Where should I use them? I can only use Attack Defense Skills. The problem is that his equipment is too good. Even if I replenish Attack Defense Skills, they might not be useful. Luck Skill? I have an hourglass of misfortune! As long as I pull away from 8,910 points of luck, Anlicia's high-speed running and long-range shooting will be able to kill him, right?

That’s right! Although Alicia’s skill was unreliable, she was still a ranger. It was the most suitable class for PvP. She played with speed, not to mention that her brother had the [A] class Speed Cloak left behind by a handsome American to further increase her speed.

Anyway, the Luck Skill was definitely useful. Da Fei did not hesitate to take out the Skill Book! Golden light flashed continuously!

— System Message: You spent 4 Skill Points to master the Luck Skill!

Da Fei's consecutive flashes of golden light attracted boos from the surrounding players.

The Rose Knight smiled coldly. "Even trash knows fear? If you're afraid, you can choose not to go. No one will stop you here."

Da Fei said, "I know you have good equipment, so I'll let you know that I have a lot of Skill Points. Don't envy me! I'm just a legend."

The Rose Knight laughed. "It's a piece of shit from the legends. Anyway, no matter how much you add, you will lose!"

Da Fei did not lose out at all. "You're worse than shit."

The Rose Knight said coldly, "Wait and see!"

Da Fei felt even more guilty. Did this rich guy have a divine weapon? The entire Beauty's Studio was supporting him from behind! Which beauty supported him? She was the only one, wasn't she? Da Fei couldn't help but look at Anlicia, who was looking around without any nervousness. Sigh, compared to real beauties, NPCs were just inflatable dolls.

Da Fei whispered, "I'm going to duel with this assassin later. Are you confident of dealing with him?"

Alicia said in surprise, "That's not an assassin!"

What the heck! Who cares what he is! But since you know what he is, does that mean you have a plan? Da Fei asked expectantly, "Are you confident?"

Alicia laughed. "Not confident!"

— Puah! Da Fei wanted to spit out a mouthful of blood essence on her face!

The Arena arrived. At this moment, the entire city was like a festival. Countless players gathered from all directions. F*ck, I know you guys are definitely not here to cheer me on. Hmph, it doesn't matter. Anyway, if I lose, I'll say that the opponent's equipment is good! I can even say that I'm letting him win. I still have two sub-heroes that haven't appeared! Yes, let him win!

The Rose Knight smiled and said, "The room has been built. Come in!"

As soon as the scene changed, Da Fei and the Rose Knight appeared in the middle of an ancient Roman arena. Then, countless white lights flashed like flashes on the grand spectator stands around them. Needless to say, all the players in the city had entered the arena to watch. The commotion in the city just now quickly attracted the media reporters in the game. All the reporters rushed across the teleportation circle to look at the St. Paul Arena.

And at this moment, the two people in the arena had a tacit understanding that they weren't in a hurry to fight. En, they were waiting for more audience members to arrive.

For the Rose Knight, this was indeed what Da Fei had thought. It was a good opportunity to step on celebrities to gain the favor of beauties. However, for Da Fei, who was "defending the crown", regardless of whether he won or lost, it was a chance to increase his reputation further—after all, his reputation was bad enough. If he did not care if it was worse, then he would pursue greater fame.

Finally, amidst the cheers of the crowd, the intoxicated Rose Knight took the initiative to request for a duel.

— Arena Battle Report: Rose Knight vs Da Fei's match officially begins!

The crowd roared like thunder. F*ck, f*ck, this is too big. I'm scared! Come on, I don't believe you can take me down!

Just at this moment, the Rose Knight's Assassin sub-hero moved. A black light flashed in his hand, and a thick black fog shrouded Da Fei and Anlicia's heads. Da Fei's vision instantly darkened!

— System Message: You have been affected by the Shadow Blind spell. You are blinded!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has been affected by the Shadow Blind spell and is blinded!

Everyone was stunned. Da Fei turned pale with fright! Are you kidding me! Blind! And it's all Blind! Just one spell was enough to destroy my God-grade Reconnaissance Skill! No wonder he was so confident that he could defeat me!

I'm going to lose! F*ck! I'm going to be famous forever!

The Rose Knight's laughter could be heard. "Run! You can still run! Come on, viewers, let's see how ugly this Da Fei is!"

Everyone burst into laughter.

Da Fei was so angry that his balls were about to explode! Forget it, I admit defeat this time! Even if I lose, I have to show my face. I'll just stand there and wait for you to kill me!

At this moment, he heard two sounds! The sound of arrows being shot! Da Fei was shocked. How could he shoot when he was blinded?

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Anlicia, has activated "Double Fire" on the sub-hero of the Rose Knight, dealing -67, -30 damage.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, killed the sub-hero of the Rose Knight!

There was an uproar!

Da Fei was overjoyed. Blind Shooting? Instant kill! Damn, this little girl actually had this special skill? No! How did she do it? Haha, wahahaha!

…