Chapter 186: The Chamber Of Commerce'S First Mission

After another round of pleasantries, they finally got down to business.

Markal stroked his beard and chuckled. "Your performance this time was very good. Just being a second lieutenant isn't enough to show your ability. I'm officially promoting you to be a lieutenant in the Alliance. You can go to the Marine Military Department to receive your military rank."

Oh right, he had been promoted and jumped ranks. Of course! The lieutenant's command was 300, according to the Battalion Commanders. However, he was too small now, and there were too many soldiers. He was not here to get an officer.

Da Fei quickly bowed and said, "Thank you for promoting me, Teacher. I will definitely not let you down. I will make contributions to the dynasty and the alliance. I have something to ask you."

Marcail chuckled. “Just say it.”

Da Fei explained the whole story. "Reporting to Teacher, I am now the president of the Elven Kingdom's Elorin Dragon Cavalry Merchant Association, but this Dragon Knight Merchant Association is very troublesome…"

Markal listened to Da Fei's statement quietly and nodded. "It is indeed quite troublesome because it is not as simple as you think."

As expected of a Grand Duke, he knew a lot of inside information! Da Fei hurriedly said, "Teacher, please enlighten me!"

Markal said in a deep voice, "Because the Dragon Knight Merchant Association stole the Sea-Conquering God's Sea-Conquering God's trident. The only way to appease the Sea God's anger is to return the God-grade weapon. However, it's obvious that compared to the value of the Sea-Conquering God-grade weapon, the survival of a merchant association is not worth mentioning. Therefore, the Elven Kingdom will not return the God-grade weapon."

As expected, he did something outrageous. He did not steal it, he stole it! Da Fei said in shock, "That means, as long as I don't return the God Tool, no matter how hard I try, I can't get rid of the curse?"

Markal nodded. "Perhaps. The will of God is hard to fathom."

Da Fei sighed. "Do I have to return the God-grade equipment that the Elven Kingdom stole to Sea God?"

Markal laughed and said, "If you really have the ability, a small Dragon Cavalry Trading Company will become insignificant."

Da Fei was stunned! That's right. If I can really fight against a kingdom, why would I be interested in a Chamber of Commerce? Is it a dead end?

Markal smiled again and said, "However, perhaps you can treat this Commerce Organization mission as an opportunity to train you. An excellent navigator will grow under dangerous conditions."

Da Fei suddenly realized something! That's right! This mission should be used to upgrade me to a Voyager, right? Even if the Chamber of Commerce lost its game, as long as I become a Grandmaster Voyager, it would be worth it!

Da Fei hurriedly bowed and said, "Teacher, you're right. However, the student ship's skills are low, so I'm afraid I won't be able to survive till the fifteenth. Please teach me a move or two!"

Markal smiled bitterly and said, "Like I said last time, I'm a famous Voyager, but it's hard for me to do anything. I can only raise you to the intermediate level."

I don't believe you! You're being humble! I'm a Master-level Special Forces Training Master. If I want to easily upgrade someone else to Intermediate, my skills are definitely not advanced. You're at least a Master-level Voyager. Your Death Lord has ill intentions and refuses to teach me skills! Is it easy for me to meet you once? No, no matter what, I have to dig out something from him!

Da Fei anxiously said, "Does that mean that it won't be a problem for Teacher to upgrade to a beginner navigator?"

Markal coughed dryly. "That depends."

Da Fei pulled Alesia over and said, "There's no need to look, Teacher. I have a Voyager seedling here. Please train her, Teacher. This way, the student will have a deputy who can tide through this."

Markal shook his head and said, "Voyager isn't something that can be trained in class. It requires actual combat training. Otherwise, it's useless even if I give her a diploma."

All he needed was a diploma!

Da Fei said anxiously, "No problem, Teacher. Leave the actual combat to me. I'm the man who attacked the Abyss Blood Pool!"

Markal's brows twitched, and he nodded. "Alright! In that case, I'll issue a test mission to your Chamber of Commerce. It'll be quite difficult, and you'll most likely be defeated. Are you willing to accept it?"

Holy f*ck! As expected, this was the nature of the system’s NPCs. They never ate lunch for free. If they wanted to get benefits from him, they would have to do quests. Alright, this scammy merchant guild brother didn’t have any passion when playing. Rather than worrying about something happening, it was better to die early and reincarnate early.

Dafei hurriedly said, "Teacher, please give us your orders!"

Markal nodded. "Buy a batch of healing medicine and transport it to the allied garrison camp of the Fire Dragon Island in the North Sea. The North Sea is far from the subtropical region, so even if you're a god, it's unlikely for you to use the storm as a pretext. So even if your ship is small, you can still go. However, you do face the threat of sea monsters, cold, and floating ice. That will depend on your own ability."

— System Message: Your Chamber of Commerce has received the [Transporting Pharmaceuticals to the Fire Dragon Island] mission. Difficulty: [S] class. Do you accept?

— Novice Guide: The Chamber of Commerce's mission is divided into SS, SS, SS, A, B, B, C, and D levels according to difficulty. D-level, C-level missions will not have any risks, and C-level missions will take a relatively long time. B-level missions require the Chamber of Commerce to have a certain level of armed self-defense, and A-level missions also require the Chamber of Commerce to have superb navigation skills. S-levels are the highest level of difficulty that players can accept alone. Super difficult missions above SS-level usually only appear when they trigger an Epic-level storyline. Only with the help of the kingdom's large army can it be completed, and there may be gods participating in SS-level missions. The higher the difficulty of the mission, the higher the reputation the Chamber of Commerce will obtain.

Looking at the row of beginner notifications, Da Fei could not help but feel his balls ache. "Teacher, it's just a beginner's Voyager assessment. Is there a need to give it such a high difficulty?"

Markal stroked his beard and said calmly, "It's not just to test her. More importantly, it's to test you. As my student, your current ability is not enough to put me in an important position."

Da Fei said in surprise, "So that's how it is?" If he didn't know that this guy was a Death Lord and most likely didn't have any good intentions, he would definitely be so excited that he would piss his pants, right? Being put in an important position by a Duke, how would those players who couldn't even enter the Duke's Gate be envious? Tsk, I have to maintain a clear mind!

Da Fei coughed dryly and said, "Teacher, your mission is S-rank, but my Chamber of Commerce is cursed by God. Then, it will become an SSS-rank with the participation of God, right? Do you think that Teacher is sponsoring students with high-tech weapons and equipment?"

Markal's beard trembled. "Back in the day, our Saint Anthony was chased from the Red Coral Sea all the way to the Green Coral Sea by a God-grade sea monster in the New World for three days and three nights. Then, we chased from the Green Coral Sea all the way to the Red Coral Sea. After that, we chased for three days and three nights. We killed until blood flowed into the sea. Who gave us funding? Who would still care if this is an SSS-rank exploration mission or an S-rank mission? If you're afraid and can refuse the test, then I have nothing to teach you."

What the heck! This is too much! Da Fei hurriedly said, "Answer it! I'll answer it!"

— System Message: You have accepted the mission "Transporting Medicine to Fire Dragon Island" and received the letter of commission.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alesia, has started the Voyager Test Mission.