Chapter 180: I'M Finally The Head Of The Family!

In the face of this life's first bucket of gold, Da Fei was overjoyed and instantly thought of many things. He could buy many things that he previously wanted to buy, but dared not buy, and could not buy now! No, buying things is too superficial! I won't buy anything! I want to save it! If I keep it in the bank, there will be tens of thousands of interest a year! This is my retirement money! My life is worth it! Haha! Wahahaha!

Wealth could usually change a person's character. And this huge sum of money gave Da Fei a huge sense of security! In ten years, in a huge concrete jungle like Shen Dong City, Da Fei followed the rules of the jungle and did not feel safe at all. More than once, Da Fei had thought about it. In another ten or twenty years, if he could not do it anymore, what would be waiting for him?

However, it was different now! Money was the courage of a hero! He was rich, he was rich, he was confident, and his life had finally begun a new chapter! His career was finally starting!

— System Message: Roland 143 wants to trade with you. Do you accept?

Oh, the money-grubber came! Accept!

— System Message: You received the 30,000 gold coins from Faroland 143!

30,000! Oh, right! The game is rich too!

Long Lin's message sounded again. "Brother Fei, I'm sorry. The game currency is tighter than Renminbi. Our business is bigger, so we can only give you this much for now. Brother Fei, I'm sorry!"

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Not at all, not at all. Chairman Ma is too loyal. Thank you!" Loyal my ass! But I'm in a good mood. I won't argue with you. Wahahaha!

Long Lin smiled. “We’re old friends. If there’s anything good in the future, we can continue working together!”

Da Fei smiled and said, "That's right, that's right. Of course. I can be at ease doing business with Chairman Ma!" If this happened again, hehe, I'll be bold. I won't give in so easily.

Long Lin smiled and said, “Alright, I won’t disturb Brother Fei then. Brother Fei, take your time!”

"Take your time, Chairman Ma!"

• • •

After completing the transaction with Da Fei, Ma Yinglong laughed and took out a bottle of red wine from the cabinet beside him. He filled a large glass. Then, he drank it all in one gulp like he was drinking coke. Then, he drank another big glass before slowly savoring it.

At this moment, Chang Liang, the assistant, stepped forward and said with a smile, "Congratulations, Big Brother. You got the best bargain!"

Ma Yinglong laughed out loud. “The weakness of the Undead is that their bones are too brittle and not refined, and their speed is also slow. Every battle will take half a day, and it’s extremely unpleasant. How can they compare to the beastmen’s explosive power and explosive strength?”

Chang Liang smiled and said, "That's right. With this Vampiric Orc, our guild's assault power will be raised to a whole new level! The Orc's assault power and the durability of the Undead will also increase our guild's combat power by a whole level."

Ma Yinglong nodded. "Little Liang, how many years have you been following me?"

Chang Liang's expression turned serious as he hurriedly said, "Since Big Brother was at Dragon Slaying Internet Cafe, I've been following Big Brother for seven years!"

Ma Yinglong chuckled and said, "That's right. Back then, my greatest dream was to be an awe-inspiring owner of an internet cafe. I could earn big bucks while playing games. I could never find such an awesome job in my life. Then, you didn't even attend classes nor did you have any money. You just stayed in the internet cafe every day to watch others play games. You even helped me volunteer, mop the floor, clean the toilet and bring food to the customers."

Chang Liang smiled and said, "At that time, Big Bro was the god in my heart, and he is the same now!"

Ma Yinglong nodded. "I want to open an Orc branch. I'll appoint you to be the manager of the branch. You'll be in charge of the rise of the Orcs in the guild. How about that?"

Chang Liang was shocked. "Big brother wants to hand over the beastmen to me?"

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, "That's right. Do you feel unhappy that your starting point is too low? Or are you unwilling to part with Dragon Tooth?"

Chang Liang said excitedly, "No, no, no! Thank you, Big Brother, for your trust. I was just complaining that the undead did not have any passion when playing!"

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, "Very good. The Vampire Hero's account has also been specially prepared for you. Its specialty is the Howling of Ten Thousand Armies. Its ID is the Overlord Dragon. Isn't this name awesome?"

Chang Liang praised, "It is indeed cool and domineering!"

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, "I've increased the number of people from the reserve team by 20. Go and take a look. If you like them, take them away."

Chang Liang immediately said, "Don't worry, Big Bro. I want all 20 of them. I can even bring out a pile of shit, let alone someone Big Bro chose!"

Ma Yinglong laughed out loud!

From now on, the slaying of dragons officially began to integrate the entire Dark Alliance in the China server. The slaying of dragons started a new beginning!

• • •

Da Fei took off his helmet and walked to the window to look into the distance. At this time, the sound of lanterns, gongs, and drums for sale filled the streets. Yes, it was the New Year!

The best thing in life was to return home in glory! At this moment, Da Fei suddenly felt a sense of homesickness. He really wanted to go home. He wanted to tell them that he was rich!

However, after thinking about it, he decided to forget about it. It was hard to buy a train ticket, hard to squeeze people, and hard to leave. Furthermore, two million yuan was not a big deal even in his hometown. Any random person in his hometown would have more than this amount of money to sell construction materials, not to mention those "big landowners". Anyway, next year! Next year, he had to go back in glory!

As for now, of course, it was to transfer some money to his hometown. Of course, the old man couldn't handle high-tech matters like transferring money, so he could only let Xiao Li take over.

Hmph, if she knew that he had earned so much money, would she pee in her pants? Of course! This was called increasing her horizons! This girl had always looked down on him. Now that he was rich, what would she think? Wahahaha!

Dafei called Xiao Li. "Hello, Xiao Li?"

"Yes, what is it?"

Tsk! I'm not calling you that anymore! Da Fei laughed and said, "I'm rich. Send 80,000 yuan to my house. Take it."

Xiao Li was shocked. "Brother, what did you do? Where did you get so much money?"

Wahahaha! Are you scared now? Have you peed yet? It's only 80,000 yuan and you've already peed your pants! How embarrassing! I'm really heartbroken! This won't do. I want to broaden your horizons and let you know what high-class is!

Da Fei laughed. "Of course it's for sale. I sold a lot of goods at the end of the year."

Xiao Li said in surprise, "That's impossible! Brother, what did you sell? Brother, you won't do anything bad, right?"

F*ck! Is this how you think of me?

Da Fei was furious. "Selling high-tech water dispensers! I've known thousands of people over the past few years. My phone number is going to make your hand cramp! Do you know what this is? This is the network I've built up over the years! This is the relationship! I can sell hundreds of them one by one!"

Xiao Li said, "Oh, what brand of water dispenser is it?"

Da Fei said numbly, "Light Card! A new patent from a small company." Anyway, I won't talk nonsense with you anymore. Da Fei changed the topic. "How's the situation at home?"

Xiao Li said blankly, "It's alright."

Something was wrong with his tone? Da Fei said in surprise, "To be honest, are my parents sick and poor? I have money!"

Xiao Li said angrily, "You're the one who's sick! Dad and Mom are very healthy, but I'm too annoying!"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. "Could it be—someone came to my house to propose marriage?"

Xiao Li said blankly, "Yes."

Holy f*ck! As expected! As the saying goes, every family has a hundred daughters begging for help. My parents' tails are flying because of Xiao Li! Of course, my tails are also flying!

Da Fei scoffed. "Let him look at himself first! If he doesn't have two million yuan, forget it!"

Xiao Li said angrily, "I don't want to stay at home anymore, it's getting more annoying!"

Dafei quickly said, "Sure, sure! Just come to school!"

Xiao Li couldn't help but be delighted. "This isn't good, right?"

Da Fei scoffed. "What's wrong with that? I'll say a few words to the old man. Just say that I've become an assistant manager and am rich. I'll let you come over for an internship during the winter break and get to know a few rich and handsome men. That's all!"

Xiao Li said angrily, "I'm not doing my internship!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Of course it's an excuse. I do manual work. It's useless even if you come. Anyway, you're still young. You have to study more! I'll book a plane ticket for you!"

Xiaoli said anxiously, "There's no need for that, a train ticket will do!"

Da Fei said disdainfully, "It's a train ticket. You don't even have a place to pee. That's it!" Humph, I'll let you see my imposing manner as an elder brother!

In short, after ending the call with his little sister and his excited parents, Da Fei suddenly felt that he had become taller and more imposing. He was finally the head of the family! Wahahaha!