Chapter 182: The Miscellaneous Caroline

The invincible soldier's shout immediately caused an uproar among the surrounding crowd. "Oh my god! Another beautiful hero! Three beautiful heroes!"

"Isn't this Da Fei too popular with beauties and heroes? He's too awesome!"

"Tsk! What's there to be smug about? We'll see how he upgrades with three sub-heroes!"

"F*ck, if I had three beautiful heroes instead of leveling up, it would be worth it!"

• • •

Hearing the envy, jealousy, and hatred of the surrounding crowd, Da Fei asked the invincible soldier in front of him proudly, "What are your plans now?"

Wahaha, this beautiful hero really came at the right time! Why did she have to come when it was time for me to accept her as my underling? What is this called? Who cares what she is, I just feel good!

The Invincible Armament Soldier quickly said, "Whatever Brother Fei does, we will do it!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "I'm going out to sea to do business. Can you guys bear the loneliness?"

Unrivaled Soldier was overjoyed. "We are also going to be merchants! Our goal is to become professional gamers! It's great to be able to follow Brother Fei!"

Da Fei nodded in satisfaction. "Very good. I don't bring small boats, nor do I have time to be a nanny. So, you have three things to do now. One, buy a medium-sized ship. Two, learn Advanced Nautical Skills and sub-skills to tow the ship. It doesn't matter if you don't know how to do it yourself. At least, you have to know how to recruit sub-heroes. Three, if you don't do it, don't look for me!"

The invincible soldier was shocked. "Does Brother Fei know the legendary skill of navigating?"

"Oh!" Da Fei patted Invincible Soldier's shoulder and said in surprise, "Not bad, young man! You even know about navigating?"

The Invincible Armament Soldier smiled charmingly and said, "Of course. I've studied it for a period of time during the open beta testing. Brother Fei, don't worry. We'll definitely do it. We won't let Brother Fei down!"

Da Fei said in satisfaction, "Very good. I'm going to go to Erolyn. If you manage to make it big, look for me. I'll bring you for a long international trip!"

The Invincible Armament Soldier nodded excitedly. "That's great! Thank you, Brother Fei! Thank you, Brother Fei!"

Da Fei looked at Brother Wudi and said in surprise, "These guys don't like to talk?"

The Invincible Armament Soldier quickly said, "This is my classmate. An honest person doesn't know how to speak, but he doesn't act rashly. Brother Fei, don't worry!"

Only then did Unrivaled Super Hottie say his first words. "Brother Fei, thank you!"

Da Fei nodded. "En, not bad. Very good. Goodbye!" With everyone watching, he led the three beautiful sub-heroes towards the teleportation circle.

The Invincible Armament Soldier hurriedly said, "We'll send Brother Fei!" After saying that, he followed behind Da Fei and sent him to the Teleportation Formation.

Da Fei was even more satisfied. This Invincible Soldier was very sensible! The feeling of having an underling was indeed different. No wonder his hemorrhoid cream sounded so awesome. Wahahaha!

"Brother Fei, please take care!" Invincible Armament said respectfully beside the teleportation array.

Da Fei nodded. Just as he was about to teleport, he suddenly thought of something and asked, "Aren't you guys going to Erolyn? If you earn Reputation Points in Erolyn, you can buy a ship faster."

The Invincible Armament Soldier coughed dryly and said, "Well, we have a mission here and can't go for the time being."

Unrivaled Super Hottie spoke up, "Brother Fei, we lost the war and our bodies are all white. We don't have the money to use the teleportation array."

The Invincible Armament Soldier’s expression changed drastically as he kicked Wei Ge. “Don’t spout nonsense!” He then chuckled at Da Fei and said, “There’s no such thing. We just need to complete the mission.”

Da Fei nodded. Indeed, no one would be happy if he asked for money right after he acknowledged Big Brother. Who knew if he was a scammer? In the past, if anyone asked Da Fei for money, Da Fei would kick them away. However, Da Fei was different today. Da Fei's mentality had changed today. Da Fei felt very happy about today's happy occasion.

Hence, Da Fei laughed and said, "So that's how it is! As expected of an honest person telling the truth! Not bad, I admire it. The little soldier is very strong-willed, I admire it! I'll be honest too. I killed dozens of people and just got a red name. I don't have much money left. You can use this 1,000 gold coins as travel expenses!"

The invincible soldier said excitedly, "Brother Fei, you're really loyal!"

Brother Wudi also said, "Brother Fei, I'm sorry!"

Da Fei laughed. "Let's go, Caroline!"

"Okay, Brother Fei!"

With a flash of white light, Erolyn arrived. Erolyn was a port city, completely different from Faroland's giant forest. There were no trees by the sea, so this place looked similar to a human city. However, it was also because of this that Da Fei felt closer to her.

Da Fei swaggered towards the City Hall with his beautiful underling. Undoubtedly, this attracted the attention of the crowd again. The entire city channel was shocked. "Da Fei is back!"

This is what it feels like to return home in glory! Who asked me to be an honorary citizen here? Now, I want to hear it. Who dares to scold me again? I'm going to kill the internal stars, the external beauties, and the external killer ghosts. Are you afraid? Wahahaha!

At this moment, a group of people stood in front of Da Fei, looking unfriendly. Oh yeah? There are still people who are not convinced and want to settle old scores, right? Are you kidding me? Didn't you watch the live broadcast of the Kingdom War? I have a follower today, so I can't lose my prestige. I'll just do my old job and deal with all kinds of dissatisfaction!

A player named "Unity of the Sea and Sky" was clearly the leader of this group. He squinted and said, "Da Fei?"

Da Fei smiled coldly. "I'm not taking any underlings today."

Hai Tianyi laughed wildly. "This is Blood Sea Studio's territory, do you understand?"

So that's how it is! It's that silly person. If it was in the past, I was afraid of his Godly Hero, but now, who's afraid of who?

Dafei laughed and said, "I don't care about the past anymore. Don't worry, don't be afraid. Everyone will earn money. I won't suppress or make things difficult for you!"

The same color of the sea and sky said angrily, "If you have the guts, then drive that big ship of yours out. How dare you!"

Oh, you really think my ship is sinking? Da Fei patted him on the shoulder, shook his head, and sighed. "I'm the one who completed the Epic war mission. Even if I don't have Big Ship's level, I'm still more than a dozen streets ahead of your big brother. You really don't have the right to be my enemy. I advise you not to do anything stupid!"

Da Fei's words shocked everyone in the way. Humph, not bad. Although he was a supporting role, his IQ was still considered normal.

Hai Tian was furious. “I’m the big brother, Tian’er!”

Da Fei smiled and said, "Yes, yes, yes. I'm going to run a business now. I'll accompany you in your challenges at any time. You'd better be fully prepared. Otherwise, I'll have no choice but to accept you as the leader of the transport team! Excuse me, if you block the way for too long, you'll be caught by the city enforcement officers!" Then, he laughed and left.

Tian'ge gritted his teeth and cursed, "Just you wait! You'll cry when the time comes."

That's right, Raging Sea of Blood had returned to the Barren Pirate Archipelago. This time, Raging Sea of Blood's goal was to find a way to instigate his master, Barak, to rebel against Locke. Then, he would snatch Locke's Tiger Shark Battleship. Compared to Da Fei's dilapidated old ship, the Tiger Shark Battleship, which was a pirate ship, had the advantage of speed, strong firepower, thick defense, and many people. Once he got it, he could take revenge and dominate the sea.

• • •

At this moment, the Invincible Armament Soldier following behind Da Fei said excitedly, "Brother Fei! You're too awesome! Following Brother Fei, we have too much face and a sense of security!"

Da Fei smiled faintly. "Even world-class professional experts are not my match. I can kill a large group of them, let alone them!"

The invincible soldier nodded. "Brother Fei is mighty!"

Dafei shook his head and laughed. "Let's not talk about the past. I'm a world-class celebrity now, and I represent the image of the Chinese server. What I care about now is to win people over with virtue. If you follow me, remember this. Don't be a bully or a villain. Do you understand?"

The two of them nodded excitedly. "Brother Fei, don't worry. We understand, we understand!"

The invincible soldier continued, "Brother Fei, do you want more people? I know a few friends."

Da Fei smiled and said, "At the very least, you have to make a name for yourselves first, right? Otherwise, how can you have the nerve to pull people over?"

"Brother Fei is right. We must do well first and not embarrass him."

Wahahaha, this is the benefit of having a lackey. Even my fart is fragrant. This feels really good!

They arrived at the entrance of the City Hall.

The guard at the gate said in surprise, "So it's Mr. Da Fei who has returned victorious. The mayor has been waiting for you for a long time, please!"

This is what I want. I'm counting on you!