Chapter 183: The Resurrection Of The Dragon Knight Merchant Association

Junwen

In the secret room of the City Hall of Aroline, Da Fei was met by Mayor Oseriman at a private banquet. Of course, underlings like Dawei could not enter such an occasion. They could only wait outside the main door.

Oseriman laughed and said, "Mr. Da Fei is the hero recommended by our Aroline. You have completed the impossible mission of the kingdom. You are the pride of the Guild of Light, the pride of the Elven Kingdom, and the pride of our Aroline! To celebrate your victory, cheers!"

It's good that you know! Your political achievements will definitely be greatly improved. How are you going to thank me? Da Fei laughed and said, "No, no, it's all thanks to the mayor's promotion. Cheers!"

After the pleasantries, Oseriman chuckled and said, "Mr. Da Fei, this time we're here to talk about settling the debt!"

Oh, let's get down to business. It's so easy to settle the debt. Throw a big ship to me. Otherwise, I'll have to hang myself. This is also the last thing the creditor wants.

Da Fei sighed. "That's right, that's right. When I think about this debt problem, I can't sit still. I really want to run to a merchant to repay my debt, but unfortunately, I don't have a large ship. Lord Mayor, you must help me think of a way."

Oseriman clapped his hands and smiled. "Mr. Da Fei, don't panic. I'm here to help you think of a solution!"

Da Fei was overjoyed! The person who cared about you the most in this world was indeed your creditor!

Oseriman's expression turned serious. "I want you to be the chairman of the Sea Business Association. What do you think?"

Da Fei was shocked. "Sea Business Association!"

The Sea Business Association, as its name suggested, was a guild that transported goods on the sea. In fact, it was another specific name for a guild. The guild in the game was not just a player chat room, but also an organization that could upgrade its development direction. The Hero skills of players were divided into four major departments: Legion, Lord, Adventure, and Scholar. The functions of the same guild were also divided into several major departments.

For example, the guilds that specialized in sea trade were the Sea Business Association. The advantage of guilds was that players could gain additional EXP, Reputation Points, and Attack and Defense bonuses when they went out to sea. The guilds that specialized in land transportation were the Trade Business Association. The advantage of guilds was the players' logistics skills, and their attack damage had additional bonuses. The Adventurer's Guild specialized in taking risks. The advantage of guilds was that the players' killing rate of monsters increased, and they could easily discover buried treasures. The most mainstream guild was the War Guild, which could greatly increase the attributes of the players' troops.

In fact, as long as the guild was rich enough and there were enough people doing missions, they could develop together.

For example, until the last day of the open beta testing, Stars Guild's attributes were: Comprehensive Level 152 (Level 72 War, Level 30 Sea Merchant, Level 30 Adventure, Level 20 Trade)

The effect of the Level 70 War Guild was that the stats of the guild's players increased by about 7. Don't underestimate these 7. This was equivalent to 700 additional troops suddenly appearing when both sides were facing 10,000 players.

Of course, the purpose of guilds was not only to provide buffs to players, but more importantly, many missions with rich rewards could only be accepted by guilds, especially large guilds with high levels and reputation. As for big projects, only big companies with good credibility could receive them.

However, there were so many benefits to a guild, but it was not so easy to create a guild. In short, they had to do missions non-stop to earn Reputation Points, and so on. So far, the game server had been open for more than ten days, but no guild had been established in the China server, no, the entire world.

And such a complicated and troublesome guild hadn't even been created, and this mayor was going to become a guild leader for him? This didn't conform to the system's "principle"!

Da Fei said in disbelief, "Sir, my reputation is enough to build a guild?"

Oseriman shook his head and said seriously, "There is no need to establish it. The existing Sea Commerce Association, the Dragon Cavalry Sea Commerce Association, is a Sea Commerce Association with a long history. It is older than my grandfather and once enjoyed a great reputation in the kingdom. It has always been our pride. But a hundred years ago, because of the storm, the Dragon Cavalry Sea Commerce Association deviated from its route and accidentally entered the Holy Land of Sea God Ceremony, 'City Bi Lip Building'. At that time, the fleet captain was blinded by greed and stole the Holy Land's offering treasure. As a result, he angered the Sea God. In the next few years, all the ships participating in the theft at that time sank in the sea disaster. This brought a devastating blow to the reputation of the entire Business Association!"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! He understood now. As expected, there's nothing good about being cheap!

Oseriman continued, "Soon, the Commerce Association went bankrupt and was sold. Then, a new ship was relocated to the Commerce Association. However, it was useless. The sea disaster still happened. The Sea God's anger was not only directed at the ships of the Commerce Association, but also at the entire Commerce Association! Now that no one dared to take over the Commerce Association, it became a skin bag Commerce Association quietly lying on the registration slip of the kingdom's Commerce Association. A hundred years have passed, and the Commerce Association has been downgraded year by year. This year is the last year. If it's downgraded, this historical and glorious Dragon Cavalry Commerce Association will be forcefully revoked and no longer exist! Mr. Da Fei, do you understand what I mean?"

Da Fei said in surprise, "Sir, you mean that I'll take over this business association?"

Oseriman nodded. "That's right! You are a superhero who completed the impossible mission. You are also the youngest and most promising Voyager. You have successfully survived two Divine-level storms. You are the only candidate who can resist the Sea God's Curse. The mission to save the Dragon Knight Commerce Association can only be handed to you! And I can guarantee that the Dragon Knight Commerce Association is definitely worth saving. Its long history has developed many practical characteristics of the Commerce Association. These characteristics are like the specialties of a hero that can only be chanced upon by luck!"

— System Message: Mayor Otheriman of Erolyn has issued an Epic mission to you, "Resurrection of the Dragon Cavalry Commerce Association". Do you accept?

— Mission Hint: The Dragon Knight Business Association has been cursed by the Sea God. So far, no commercial association ship has survived the sea disaster. You need to survive the Sea God's curse for a year to protect the commercial association.

Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of shit! The mayor was indeed the mayor. He was indeed high-end and impressive. The first thing he did was to complete an Epic Mission! It was just saving a business association, was there a need for an Epic Mission? What kind of evil deeds did this business association do to incur the wrath of God? Was it just stealing treasures? A God-grade treasure? Or was it even better than sacrificing beauties?

Epic quests require caution! Da Fei sighed. "Mr. Mayor, what if I fail?"

Oseriman shook his head and smiled. "I believe that if Mr. Da Fei is a person who stops because he is afraid of failure, then Mr. Da Fei's Kingdom mission will never succeed. I believe in you!"

Da Fei sighed. "What about the big ship?"

Oseriman sighed. "With Mr. Da Fei's current reputation, it's impossible for him to buy a large ship. Even as the mayor, I cannot abuse my authority. However, with Mr. Da Fei's current reputation, he can use medium-sized ships. I can privately sponsor a medium-sized ship. You can directly receive it from the captain."

F*ck! A medium-sized ship wouldn't be able to survive!

Forget it, I won’t be conflicted anymore. It’s just a ship sinking and my goods going to waste. It doesn’t matter. There’s no reason for me not to accept an epic quest that’s delivered to my doorstep!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']