Chapter 181: The New Hero, Alicia

Junwen

After settling his family's matters, Da Fei put on his helmet and started a new journey.

First of all, he had to go to Erolyn and find the mayor to settle a ship. It didn't matter if he really couldn't settle it. He would probably have no problem buying a medium-sized ship. En, after this person became rich, his mentality also calmed down.

Although SV Fly had 1000 modules, it was not a specialized cargo ship. Therefore, compared to a ship of the same model, SV Fly's cargo module was not considered big, not to mention that the cargo module had been converted into a gun module and was missing 500 modules. Therefore, it was not difficult to buy a medium-sized cargo ship and reach 500 modules.

After that, it was time to recruit people. As long as he shouted on the dock, "Grandmaster, lead the train and run a long distance. Each person will pay 20 RMB for the train ticket!" Players from all walks of life were coming! However, there was still a problem. At this stage, most players were small boats. Running a long distance was definitely not worth it.

Sigh, it doesn't matter. I'll run alone first. Indeed, being too advanced and high-end is also a kind of distress.

Ignoring the crowd that was watching him, Da Fei got up and went to the Teleportation Formation. Of course, Da Fei knew that these players were not just watching him. They were his two precious darlings, haha! In the entire China server, he was the only one with two beautiful female heroes. Amazing!

At this moment, two players walked forward. "Brother Fei! We want to follow you!"

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned. What the heck, that's direct enough? Da Fei sized up these two guys called Invincible Soldier and Invincible Vigour. Their levels weren't high, just a little over 20, and their equipment wasn't very good either. They were shop goods.

If it was in the past, Da Fei would definitely not care about anything and just leave. Da Fei could not believe it the most, and he hated players the most. However, now, Da Fei's mental state had changed slightly. That was, friends!

Humans were after all animals in society. Even if they didn't have true friends, they still had fake friends. For example, the Dragon Slayer just now. This friend had made a fake friend. However, it had to be said that the fake friend's face was passable. After all, the other party had asked for 30,000 gold coins to save him, right?

Da Fei had been in Shen Dong for ten years, and he had a lot of "friends" on his phone number. But what was the use? Those people were not worth him making friends with at all. Even talking to them was a waste of phone money. Similarly, he was not worth making friends with. He was just a worker who had no connections. He was not willing to lend money, nor was he willing to stand out and help in fights, and even more so, he was not willing to treat others to food and drink. People like him were not qualified to be other people's friends. In the end, one word "poor", two words "petty", and three words "useless" made a scene.

However, the game was different. Da Fei was very powerful in the game! Whether it was Starry's transvestite beauty or the Dragon Slayer's boss, they all looked up to him! It was time to recruit a few underlings! Da Fei recalled the days when he was the president of the "Dragon Slayer" Guild.

Da Fei smiled faintly. "Follow me? Why?"

That Invincible Armament Soldier quickly said, "Because Brother Fei is awesome!"

Da Fei laughed. "I've offended a lot of people. If you follow me, you'll have to cut me down!"

The Invincible Armament Soldier immediately said, "As long as Brother Fei is willing to take us in, we will follow Brother Fei to Blade Mountain Flame Sea Guild!"

Holy shit, Blade Mountain Flame Sea Guild’s experience points are very high, okay? A good thing like gaining experience points is not something that just any Tom, Dick or Harry can do. At the very least, you guys have to show some strength. Otherwise, what is the point of me recruiting two useless people who only know how to make trouble for me?

I have to test you. What should I test you on?

At this moment, a crisp female voice sounded. "Is this Mr. Da Fei?"

Da Fei and the two lackeys in front of him couldn't help but turn their heads to look. A beautiful female Elf NPC with long green hair, leather armor, and a wooden bow in her hand! No, she was a hero with the Golden Butterfly Halo!

Dafei said in surprise, "It's me?"

The beautiful hero shyly handed Da Fei a letter. "This is my grandmother's letter!"

Your grandmother? Da Fei opened the letter.

— The young spaceship captain:

Hello, I’m Anwen. When you read this letter, I’ve already finished my fulfilling and happy life. I have no regrets, but the only thing I can’t let go of is my playful granddaughter, Alicia. I have a request. I hope Captain can teach her and nurture her into an outstanding hero. Captain, I think highly of you!—Anwen

Da Fei trembled all over! Anwen was dead? That was her will!

Da Fei couldn't help but tremble as he looked at the young elf in front of him. "Are you Teacher Anwen's granddaughter, Alicia?"

The beautiful hero's eyes turned red as she nodded.

Da Fei burst into tears! Old granny, you're really too kind! Not only did you help me pass the mission, but you also taught me so many things. In the end, you even gave your beautiful granddaughter to me! You're my biological grandmother! Don't worry, Grandma, I'll definitely groom Anlicia into a Godly Hero!

Da Fei sighed and wiped his tears. "Alicia, welcome to my team! Don't worry, I have fun here!"

Alicia let out a cheerful cry, then bowed and said, “Please guide me, Captain!”

— System Message: Epic Hero Anlicia has become your sub-hero!

Ah pu! Da Fei finally could not help but laugh through his tears! Epic Hero! This was an Epic Hero that was sent to his doorstep! It turned out that his performance in the Abyss Blood Pool was seen by his grandmother! This was an additional reward! Wahahahaha!

Alicia: An intelligent elven girl from a young age, the granddaughter of Professor Anwen. Being doted on by her elders, she wasn’t willing to follow the rules and was ignorant and incompetent, which made her elders very distressed.

Character: Rebellious, active, lively

Level: 20

Class: Advanced Ranger.

Talent Special Feature: Queen Bee. Heroes' Disturbing Bee magic increases the damage effect with the level up. There is also a chance that there will be a Blind effect.

Command Power: 30

Attack: 10

Defense: 45

Magic Power: 5

Knowledge: 5

Health: 80

Damage: 20-25

Attack Speed: 13

Movement Speed: 14

Equipment: Oak Longbow, Wyvern Leather Armor

Physical Strength: 100

Skills: Advanced Arcana Magic, Intermediate Meditation, Intermediate Attack Skill, Intermediate Archery Skill, Elementary Luck Skill, Elementary Study of War Machines, Elementary Command Skill, Intermediate Defense Skill, Elementary Logistics Skill, Elementary Reconnaissance Skill.

• • •

— Pfft! Looking at her long list of skills, Da Fei almost spat out blood on the spot! This is definitely a trashy Hero with a little extra waste! Grandma, are you saying that you want me to train her into a Voyager? Alright, Grandma, don't worry!

At this moment, the invincible soldier in front of Da Fei shouted, "Brother Fei! You're too awesome! You're accepting a beauty hero in front of us. Brother Fei, I'm kneeling to you! Brother Fei, you must accept us! We'll definitely follow you!"

Da Fei was in an even better mood. He laughed and said, "Good! You guys will follow me from now on!"

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']