Chapter 185: One More Look At You In The Crowd

Looking at the two of them rushing to the Chamber of Commerce to accept the errand quest, Da Fei sighed. 100,000 Reputation Points. How long would it take for errand runners like them to earn that much Reputation Points? It's not that easy to be hit.

In the game, there was no fundamental difference between a midshipman and a small boat. It was just a large boat. However, there was a huge difference between a large boat and a midshipman. That was the difference between the ocean and the ocean. The structure, materials, and design concepts of a boat were completely different. If the minimum requirement for a midshipman was 100,000 Reputation Points, then a large boat was at least 1,000,000! Therefore, for the merchant players who entered the game in the early stages, large boats were out of reach. Midshipmen were the lifelong goal to strive for.

In short, these two lackeys hadn’t been able to help for a long time. In the end, these two lackeys had been too casual. However, their strengths were obvious. They knew how to flatter.

Only I can go out and step on the water to see what exactly is going on with this Sea God's Curse. However, I feel a little weak when I'm on the ship. After all, my Storm Voyager requires a large ship to be effective.

There was still a day's time. He should go back and meet his master, Old Ma. As his cheap student, he had done such an awesome thing. His master should be proud of him too. However, how should he explain the Phantom Ballista? F*ck, he should just say that he was beaten up.

In order to save on teleportation fees, Da Fei went to the inn to settle the three beauties' sweethearts.

However, the new arrival, Alicia, did not buy it. She grabbed Da Fei's sleeve and pouted. "No, no! It's not fun. I want to go to the human city with Captain!"

What the f*ck! Is this the so-called rebellious personality? There's actually such an annoying hero personality! You're pouting in the wrong place, pouting at my mouth!

Da Fei did not know whether to laugh or cry. He could only bring her along. She was only Level 20. It was not heavy. He could bring her along.

However, when he thought of all her skills, he did not know whether to laugh or cry. Da Fei was in a dilemma again. Her specialty was the same as his grandmother's. Her skills were the same as his grandmother's. The difference was that one of them was a Grandmaster while the other was a junior high school student. He really had a headache. There was no other way. He had to create an Arcane Master first to fill in the gap of his God-level skills after his grandmother left. As for her job, only the Navigator had God-level skills to support her.

The Teleportation Formation flashed with white light, and Da Fei returned to the most crowded human harbor, Port St. Anthony.

Once Da Fei's name appeared, he immediately became an eye-catching presence in the crowd. The surrounding crowd exclaimed, "Da Fei! It's Da Fei!"

"It's true. After snatching a heroine like Xue Wei, there's another beautiful heroine!"

"The Blood Verdant Guild has been searching for him. How dare he come?"

"What the f*ck, he even killed dozens of Stars' main force. Stars haven't settled scores with him yet."

“I heard his ship was gone? Is that true?”

Instantly, the crowd surrounded Da Fei so tightly that not even a drop of water could pass through. As the number one harbor for humans, there were obviously more people here than Caroline.

Da Fei's balls hurt. Watching was also a kind of power. However, as the number one person in the China server, he would definitely not let them see him like a monkey! Watching, right? Then, he would surround them!

Da Fei began to wave to the crowd, like a leader. Instantly, the crowd booed. Tsk, they really don't like me! It doesn't matter. I'll disgust them if they surround me or not. Da Fei waved even more cockily.

Suddenly, Da Fei realized that a red dot had popped up on the radar! There was a red dot in the middle of all the green bushes. On the radar, there was a circle of green dots indicating the crowd. This red dot was extremely eye-catching!

Da Fei could not help but look in the direction of the red dot. As expected, there was a red name half-hidden behind the crowd, looking at him! Da Fei was stunned. PvP red name? That's not right! The red dot on the radar showed that it was either an enemy faction or a monster! Why would an enemy faction enter the city?

Just as he was stunned, the red dot on the radar disappeared! The red name in front of Da Fei also disappeared.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. Was he seeing things? Da Fei vaguely saw the name displayed on the other side of the head just now… Divine Night? At this moment, the crowd was shaking again. He did not know where that person was. He did not even have time to see if it was a male or female player or an NPC.

Da Fei was shocked! What was going on?

Isn't that obvious! Of course, it's my God-grade Reconnaissance Skill that discovered the hidden enemy players! Da Fei had seen this kind of sudden exposure and disappearance before. For example, the Spider Hero killed by the Pool of Light! That meant that the enemy's camouflage skill was very high. Even God-grade Reconnaissance Skill could not completely capture it. Was his (her) name "Divine Night"? Or was it only this half of his name that was blocked by the players in front?

Da Fei hurriedly activated the player's friend function and searched for "Divine Night". Then, the system notified him that there was no such person. It seemed like it was half a name. Of course, the name was not important. What was important was how did he enter such a big city like the human race as an enemy?

Wait! It was not like he had never encountered such a situation before. Wasn't it Markal? Wasn't it the same for Markal's butler? Back then, he had advanced to the God-grade after obtaining the Blood Eagle Flute and instantly saw through the butler's Vampire identity. F*ck! Could this God Night be a Vampire too? A Vampire that could completely disguise himself as a human was not an ordinary Vampire. Was that a rather high-end Vampire? Oh right, was that person a male or female? If it was a female, could it be a Banshee? Banshee could also completely disguise herself?

If he was completely disguised, would he have a dual-attribute occupation? As a vampire, would he have a part-time job as a Knight or Priest on the human side? It's possible, it's very possible! I'm just a part-time ranger, right?

All in all, this player was definitely an impressive existence!

Da Fei could not help but sigh. The China server was huge, and there were so many Chinese players. There were indeed crouching tigers and hidden dragons. It was still too early for him to claim to be the number one player in China. Since the other party was an impressive player from an opposing faction, then he was naturally an enemy. He had to be on guard.

It was not just necessary to be on guard. If the other party was really a high-end vampire, then he was totally his enemy! Undead were different from the Infernal Race. The Infernal Race was strong on land, but not on the sea. Undead were strong on land, but they were also powerful on the sea. They had a heaven-defying army vampire! And the most disgusting army ghost!

Da Fei suddenly felt a sense of danger. Anyway, he had to continue working hard to improve!

At this moment, the patrolling city enforcement officers appeared and shouted loudly to disperse the crowd that was surrounding Da Fei. Only then was Da Fei able to leave and head to the Duke's Office in Markal.

At this moment, the entrance of the Duke's Office was bustling with activity. There were a few mission issuers standing near the guards, and the players rushed forward to hand over the mission. There was no need to talk about this. Markal was a world-renowned navigator, the Duke of the Lionheart Empire, the strongest human * * master, and the governor of the New World. He had immense power, and the players all wanted to have a future under Markal. Then, there would be no lack of big guilds, right?

Da Fei, who had just been provoked by an unknown player, was even more calm now! He ignored the shocked gazes of the surrounding players and squeezed through the crowd to stand in front of the guards. "I want to see the Duke!"

When the guard saw that it was Da Fei, he immediately felt respect for him. "So it's you, Sir. Please!"

Oh yeah! The NPC guard had said before that one would not visit unless they had something to ask. Since he let me in, there must be something. As expected, I completed the quest. The Duke has something to say. Wahahaha! Hurry up!

Seeing Da Fei swagger into the Duke's Mansion, the players who were accepting missions outside shouted, "Da Fei can meet the Duke now!"

"Gosh! That's too high-end!"

• • •

It was still the elegant Vampire Butler leading the way. At this moment, Da Fei did not dare to look at him. It seemed that this Vampire Butler had an anti-reconnaissance skill.

On the other hand, Anlicia was frowning, pinching her nose with one hand and making a stinky face with the other.

Dafei asked softly, "What's the matter?"

Anricia shook her head. “Hard to say.”

Could it be that her nose could smell the stench of Undead corpses? Even high-end Undead like Vampires could smell the stench of corpses? Of course, now was not the time to stir up trouble. Da Fei said calmly, "Then don't say it."

Alicia leaned close to Da Fei's ear and said, "Let me tell you, there's a special rose smell on him. This smell is abnormal!"

What the heck! I told you not to say it, but you insisted on saying it! Everyone knows that high-end vampires sleep in superior coffins filled with roses. Da Fei anxiously said, "I don't understand. Can you say it three times?"

Anlicia snorted. “Never mind if you don’t understand.”

Da Fei heaved a sigh of relief. He just hoped that her bad temper would not be f*cked up during the war!

The teleportation array flashed again, and it was the large library that was shrouded in demonic light.

An amiable laughter echoed throughout the library. "Welcome back, you are truly my most outstanding student!"

Oh, that’s right! You came to pick me up personally, how embarrassing! Hahaha!