Chapter 188: Alicia'S Little Trick

The sudden collapse of the Rose Knight sub-hero shocked everyone.

In the arena's spectator mode, the battle's casting would appear in the audience's information panel as a battle report.

When the Rose Knight sub-hero cast Blinding Magic, the entire audience was shocked! Normal Blinding was a Grandmaster-level Dark Magic. This was a realm that ordinary players could not reach. And this Shadow Blinding Magic was a magic that was not recorded in the Magic Book. Was this the sub-hero's special skill? Or was this sub-hero's ability really at the Grandmaster level?

If the Blind spell was really cast so early, then this Rose Knight was really the king of the arena!

Amidst the shocked voices of all the players and the screams of the beauties from the Blood Verdant Workshop behind the scenes, as the Rose Knight laughed and scolded Da Fei, the Rose Knight's sub-hero turned into a black shadow and quickly and soundlessly circled behind the blind Alicia.

That's right, the assassin's cruel and effective one-hit kill skill, Cut Throat!

Just as the assassin took a detour and slowed down, the female ranger suddenly turned around—Swoosh! Swoosh! Two arrows were fired at the same time!

At such a close distance, such a strange timing, and a surprise attack without any warning, the assassin hero had no time to adjust his body. He didn’t even have time to react. He could only watch helplessly as the arrow whistled towards him—at the center!

The entire arena exploded! There was no dispersion purification, and the blinding effect did not disappear. How could this ranger counterattack so accurately? Blind firing? At this moment, all the players and Da Fei had the same thought! However, there was a blind shooting skill in this game? Impossible!

The most shocked was undoubtedly the Rose Knight whose laughter stopped abruptly!

"How is this possible? Why is this happening?" At this moment, looking at the female ranger who was preparing to shoot him with a bow and arrow, the only thing he could do was to charge forward and kill her! If he could rush forward!

— Battle Report: Da Fei's sub-hero launched "Two Successive Shooting" at the Rose Knight. Damage -25.28!

The entire venue was screaming loudly!

Da Fei finally recovered from his shock. Although he did not know what was going on, Anlicia definitely had a hidden skill that could counter blindness! Of course, there might be restrictions. Hence, what Da Fei needed to do now was to taunt and aggro.

Da Fei laughed wildly and said, "Hey, hey, hey! You lost without moving a single step? Not only are you not as good as a pile of shit, you're even worse than a fart. Are you that useless?"

Everyone roared with laughter!

The Rose Knight was so angry that his veins were bulging. He wished that he could immediately turn around and kill this bastard, but he knew that this was a trick of the other party, so he remained unmoved and continued to charge at the ranger.

Hu! Hu! Another two arrows!

— Battle Report: Da Fei's sub-hero launched "Double Fire" at the Rose Knight. Damage: -26, -29!

Everyone was excited! Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. He had already lost 100 HP, but he was still alive? No wonder he was a tycoon with high HP! It didn't matter. He had already been beaten to such a state. Even if Anlicia lost, he could still fight with his Stabbers to the death. Hence, Da Fei made up his mind and stood there with his hands behind his back. He looked like an expert.

Rangers were the most suitable class for PvP. Every high-end ranger was a Level 3 Forest Hunter. Their sharp firepower was enough to subvert the understanding of humans. On a large-scale battlefield, if a melee team encountered the enemy's Forest Hunters, they would be defeated!

Therefore, in a small-scale battle, the Elf King's position was unshakeable. Of course, against the Undead, the Elves were still weak. Undead, Level 1 Soldiers were Skeleton Shooters with special skills that reduced long-range damage by 50%. This loss was not something the Elves could afford.

All in all, all the spectators had the same thought as Da Fei. Even if the Rose Knight killed the ranger, there was nothing they could do. In the end, there were no healing heroes.

I’m getting closer! The Rose Knight gritted his teeth, took out a big red bottle, and downed it in one go.

— Battle Report: Rose Knight used Super Healing Potion to recover all health points!

Pfft! Da Fei couldn't stay calm anymore. The entire crowd booed! F*ck, he drank blood in a PvP. A Health Potion cost a few thousand gold coins each. He was indeed a rich man!

At this moment, the female ranger moved! Her high-speed movement quickly widened the distance between her and the Rose Knight. Then, she turned around and shot an arrow!

The audience went wild once again! There was nothing interesting about a ranger kite's close combat, but what was interesting was that she was still blind! How did she not miss a single arrow?

Now, the outcome was decided. There was no suspense anymore. Da Fei finally felt relieved. Now, it was his turn to act cool!

Da Fei let out a long sigh and said, "I thought that whoever dared to challenge me would definitely have some ability, but in the end, he's only at this level! Are you f * * king kidding me? How busy am I to waste time with a stupid person like you!"

Everyone burst into laughter.

At this moment, a rainbow light appeared above Alicia's head. Oh yeah, I got lucky! It felt like I could control my luck anytime, wahahaha!

— Battle Report: Da Fei's sub-hero triggered the Luck effect and activated "Double Fire" on the Rose Knight, dealing -60 damage! The Rose Knight was defeated!

— Battle report: The competition has ended. Da Fei wins the competition.

Everyone booed. Perhaps they were dissatisfied with Da Fei's victory, or perhaps they were mocking the Rose Knight's incompetence.

En, as an expert, you have to have the demeanor of an expert. I represent the image of the China server. This battle will definitely be studied by foreign experts, right? En, slowly study it. I don't even know what's going on, let alone you guys.

Dafei waved to the audience. "It's a waste of everyone's time. Everyone, get back to work."

Then, without looking back, without even looking at the Rose Knight on the ground, he left the arena. That's right, the highest level of contempt is disregard. You want to step on me? I'll anger you to death, wahahaha!

Blood Vision Studio was silent.

Young Master Lin had been wooing the Big Sister for quite some time now. He had been showing off all sorts of things, showing off all sorts of things to please the beauties in the studio, and giving gifts to please everyone. If it were the ordinary beauties in the studio, they would have long fallen for him.

Everyone had witnessed his strength in the game. He was strong, extremely strong! Even in the world of professionals, he was not inferior. But now, he had lost. He had lost in such a baffling manner, a humiliating defeat.

Big Sis Zhou Qing’s gaze turned cold. She snorted, then waved her hand and shouted, “What are you all waiting for? Do what you need to do!”

All of a sudden, all of the ladies cleared their throats and got into their positions. However, there were still a lot of small actions going on in private. All of them took this opportunity to console Young Master Lin. Even though they didn’t know why their Big Sister didn’t like him, the ordinary beauties had long been in love with him. If they didn’t take action now, when would they?

Of course, they did not know that their comforting information had turned into sympathy and pity in the eyes of the extremely angry and indignant Rose Knight. It added fuel to the fire, and the anger of the Rose Knight increased a hundredfold. "Da Fei! You piece of trash! If I don't destroy you, my surname will not be Lin!!!"

• • •

Once he was outside, Da Fei could not wait to find out more about Alicia.

Da Fei laughed and asked, "How did you counterattack when you were blinded?"

Alicia snorted and raised her chin. "Tsk, I'm not telling you!"

Urgh! Da Fei smiled faintly. "Tsk, it's just a small trick. Forget it if you don't want to talk about it."

Alicia glared and said, "A small trick can break a big skill, okay? The God-level skill that you're so proud of can easily cripple the opponent with one Blind!"

Hey, hey, what do you mean by not you? Call me Big Brother Captain! Is this really a trick? Da Fei was even more curious. "Alright, I won't ask."

Alicia leaned close to Da Fei's ear and said proudly, "Let me tell you, I put two little bees on them in advance! No matter whether they are invisible, blind, mist releasing, or illusion magic, I can accurately know their location!" Then, she spread out her palms proudly, and the two little magic bees flew around.

Da Fei was shocked. "This is a godly skill, okay?"

Alicia smiled even more proudly. "Ice Fruit! One bee breaks all things! Grandma used to tease me with illusions, and then I broke it with a little bee! So I never learned those spells again. There's no meaning in them at all—" At this point, Alicia suddenly looked sad.

Da Fei coughed dryly and said, "You can't deny the value of other people's magic just because you easily broke it. Grandma has really put in a lot of effort."

Tears welled up in Alicia's eyes as she sighed. "Unfortunately, I was too insensible back then…"

Da Fei quickly patted her back and comforted her. "Don't worry, there's still me. Let's study together and improve together…"

Alicia nodded. "I'll definitely develop my own skills! I won't disappoint Grandma!"

Da Fei nodded. "Yes, yes, yes!" Grandma of Heavenly State, don't worry. It feels very good to touch Alicia's back! Wahahaha!

• • •

Under the attention of all the players on the street, Da Fei arrogantly walked towards the Marine Military Department to receive his military rank. His friend message rang. It was naturally the bootlicker, Invincible Soldier.

"Brother Fei is awesome! Brother Fei is awesome!"

Wahahaha! Even my underling knows about it! However, do you know how to suck up? Da Fei said angrily, "Squeezing a joker to death is awesome. It's a waste of my time! You have to work hard to increase your Reputation. Don't waste your time and energy on these boring things, understand?"

The soldier quickly said, "Brother Fei is right. I know I was wrong. We are farming Reputation!"

Da Fei said in satisfaction, "I need to go out to sea first. It will take a long time. When I come back, I will check your homework. If you can't finish it, go and cut the jj!"

"Yes, yes, yes. Brother Fei, don't worry!"

Wahahaha! Awesome! Why do I feel so good! Is stepping on people the source of happiness? No wonder so many people like stepping on people. This isn't good. This is an illness. I have to treat it. Wahahaha!