Chapter 189: Preparations Before Leaving

The Marine Military Department was still the fat officer, but his attitude was completely different now. He respectfully presented his new military rank badge to Da Fei and said with a smile, "Sir, you are indeed the pride of our Alliance. I look forward to you making greater contributions to the Alliance at a higher rank!"

— System Message: You have received the rank badge of a lieutenant of the Guild of Light. Your Command Power + 300. Note: Rank Command Power is fixed at a fixed value and is not enhanced by treasures or skills.

Advancing was a good thing after all. Da Fei did not care about what happened back then. He laughed and said, "I still have to thank Sir for his strict instructions!"

The fat officer smiled even more brightly. "Ordinary military training won't be able to unleash your abilities. I have high hopes for you."

This fatty was very talkative. Yes, of course. After passing Markal's probation test, his value would be different. Since his intention to curry favor was obvious, he would test him.

Da Fei asked, "Sir, do you know what we need to pay attention to when we head to Fire Dragon Island?"

"Fire Dragon Island?" Fatty was stunned. Then, he immediately opened the map on the table and started searching north with his finger. F*ck, search my ass. Geographical failure, bad review!

Overall, the topography of the Hero Continent in each region of the world was slightly similar to the Eurasia map in real life.

The Kingdom of Lionheart, which was dominated by human beings, occupied the central part of Europe which was surrounded by mountains, which was the central part of the country that often appeared in fantasy works. It had its back against the sea and surrounded by mountains on three sides. In the middle of the country, there was a flat expanse of flat land and a rich garden.

To the north of the Lionheart Empire’s border mountain range was a large forest. That was the territory of the Elven Kingdom, which was equivalent to the location of Poland and Germany. At the same time, there were also the territories of the so-called upper elves on the continent. The location was equivalent to England in Europe, and it had always played the role of being far away from the ideal village.

To the north of the forest of the Elven Kingdom was a vast mountain range covered in snow. It was rich in all kinds of minerals. That was the territory of the dwarves, equivalent to Northern Europe.

The vast grassland in Eastern Europe was the territory of the Orcs. Of course, there were also primitive forests, but even the Orcs themselves did not dare to enter those forests. The location of the Undead was equivalent to the Turkish Peninsula on the lower right of Europe. The land was separated from the Human Empire by a mountain, and there were fierce battles all year round. The shipping of the Undead was also very advanced. After all, many of the Undead were good sailors when they were alive. As for the Infernal Race, it was mentioned previously that there was no territory in the Hero Continent, and they played another game.

After that, there was the sea, which was equivalent to Africa. It was a vast desert of desolate wilderness, and that was the territory of the Neutral Faction's Mage College. Mages were passionate about alchemy and creation. They were atheists because they believed that they were gods. This desolate wild land became the test site for Mages' "nuclear explosion". The monster farm was the training ground for players below level 50.

The geography of the Hero Continent was probably like this. In short, the Guild of Light occupied the fertile "Europe". The bitter Orcs and Undead were very unconvinced.

• • •

Now, the fat officer's finger stopped on a map that was equivalent to the location of Ice Island to the north of the map. "This is Fire Dragon Island! There is a month's journey from the Elven Kingdom to here!"

One month! Three days in real life! A week's journey back and forth! Da Fei's balls were crushed! He had no choice. Before the players' territory was built, sailing was the most profitable industry in the early and middle stages of the game. However, the most profitable limitation was of course the most painful. Nautical navigation was destined to be boring and long. However, it did not matter. During the open beta, a large number of players engaged in the Pirate profession made sailing exciting and interesting. It was not boring anymore. It was just that it became even more boring. However, it did not matter. He would be able to relieve a lot of boredom with his Voyager and Katerina's Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill.

The fat officer sighed and said, "Fire Dragon Island is the legendary place that seals the evil dragon. Although we have never seen it before, the alliance still sent a thousand-man team to guard it all year round. This place is very cold, and there are ten months of freezing in a year. It is very difficult for sea transport resources to arrive, so the soldiers on the island are very arduous. And if we set off at this season, it would be just right. Therefore, if Your Excellency can provide them with the resources they need urgently, they will definitely be very happy."

Beside him, Alicia could not help but sigh. "They're so pitiful."

The fat officer laughed and said, "As a soldier, it's my duty!"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Provide them with much-needed supplies? Wait a minute! That meant that they not only needed healing potions? It made sense. A group of soldiers squatting in the snow everyday. They could not watch television or surf the Internet. How could they live if they were in his shoes?

F*ck! I should enrich the spiritual entertainment of the soldiers! I have to bring them all kinds of good food and fun!

That's right. As an expert, I should dig out deeper meanings from the limited mission information! Did I spend a whole month playing games just to earn that little bit of dead pay from the mission? What a joke! I want to maximize the mission benefits!

To confirm his thoughts, Da Fei hurriedly asked, "Sir, what else do the soldiers on the island need? How much do they need?"

The fat officer laughed and said, "That's hard to say. As a soldier, it's nothing more than drinking, playing cards, and playing chess. Those who are slightly more cultured will still read books. At least in terms of numbers, a thousand-man team isn't too much or too little. You can just make a casual comment."

I see! That means I need to buy entertainment items!

Da Fei said excitedly, "Then what else do I need to pay attention to? Sir, please enlighten me."

The fat officer sighed. "Of course the journey is very dangerous. There are many mythical monsters in the North Sea. You must avoid them carefully, especially the sea demons. It's over if you encounter them. There's nothing else to say. You can ask the local fishermen."

Da Fei's heart tightened. This was indeed an S-rank mission! What a scam!

The fat officer smiled and said, "Alright, I'm going to patrol the troops. I wish you a safe journey!"

Dafei quickly said, "Thank you for your guidance, Sir."

• • •

Now that he had asked around, it was time for him to return to Erolyn and purchase resources.

However, there were still two problems. He had 300 cabins on his ship! There was no way he could store many things. Secondly, how could he guarantee that he could reach the destination smoothly? Did he really believe that his luck and strength were as dumb as a f*ck? This kind of person was not meant to succeed!

Da Fei fell into deep thought.

What if it wasn't a game but something that couldn't be allowed to fail in reality?

Perhaps nine out of ten people will tell you that the project has been lowered! That's right! This is the concept of a contractor with Chinese characteristics deeply embedded in the hearts of the people. This concept refers to the unique wisdom of the Chinese and creates an unbelievable "China speed" at the world's major construction sites!

If it was something he couldn't do, he could just hand it over to someone capable!

Erolyn was a big seaport, right? Erolyn must have a seafarer too, right? Even if no seafarer were at sea and not at home, Erolyn must have many "local fishermen", right? I can find someone who's willing to go to Fire Dragon Island with me, right?

That's right, if I can't finish transporting the goods, I'll ask them to help! If I can't defeat the monsters, I'll ask them to help me! If I want to achieve this, I can only rely on power! I don't have power, but the mayor does!