Chapter 190: Moon God Night

While Da Fei was still conversing with the fat officer in the Naval Military Department, the video of the arena that shook the entire city had been posted online and instantly attracted a lot of attention.

Da Fei was a swindler in the national server. Every action of a famous person in the national war was starting to attract the attention of the players and the media. Why was he still a newcomer? Why did he have so many beautiful heroes? Why was he so strong? Had his ship really sunk? Everything was so mysterious and interesting. Many old players also posted that many years ago, there was also a person called Da Fei in the online gaming world. Could it be the same person?

In Markal's magic study.

A female player wearing silver armor and a golden knight halo was quietly waiting for Markal to synthesize equipment for her. Her name was Moon God Night, the player who was halfway across the sea of people.

Yes, Moon God Night was very high-end. On the surface, she was a human female knight, but she was actually a vampire. She had two professions!

At this moment, she was also scanning the forums to kill time. Of course, she was also paying attention to Da Fei's video on the forums. Then, her mood became very bad.

Da Fei, a disgusting name that she deeply detested.

A few years ago, there was a medium-sized Soaring Dragon Game Studios in China that gathered all their efforts to develop a follow-up game called 'Overlord'. Then, they hired the largest Dragon Slayer Guild in China at a hefty price to create hype.

If everything went according to plan, even if the market prospects of the game would not be popular, it would not be a problem to blend in. Then, a person named Da Fei appeared in the game. Then, "Ba Ye" and "Dragon Slayer" became jokes in the industry.

The dragon slaying didn't matter. After a fall, he could still stand up. However, the Soaring Dragon Company couldn't. After falling, he was hit by his peers and poached. After that, he never stood up again. Boss Long Teng was mentally and physically exhausted. In a fit of anger, he fell ill and stayed in the hospital. Then, he sold the company and invested in real estate. He no longer had any ambitions and lived a painful life of carrying cages, birds, and Tai Chi.

Moon God Night was the daughter of Long Teng's boss. She was 22 years old that year and had just graduated from MIT. Just as she was preparing for her daughter to inherit her father's business and showcase her talents, she met with such an unforeseen event! The sudden blow dealt a severe blow to her fragile and proud heart. From then on, Moon God Night relied on the property her father invested in and became a rent-packing woman who lived on the ground to collect rent. She was a boring woman who had nothing to do but play online games.

She was talented but there was no use for her.

She was arrogant and did not want to live under someone else's roof.

She was as beautiful as a flower, but she had her own beauty.

She was cold and aloof, and the man did not care.

She was a loner, far from her friends.

Her heart was dark, wishing for the world to be in chaos.

Her mind was distorted, laughing at the sorrow of the world.

She was neurotic and saw through the world's schemes.

She was almost 30 years old and had forgotten to eat and sleep!

No, of course, she was not playing games! She was not satisfied with the life of a rented woman who had nothing to do. No! It was not dissatisfaction, it was hatred! She also did not agree with her father's suggestion that she develop towards real estate.

Technology! Only technology is the driving force for human progress, not real estate!

When war breaks out, real estate is used to destroy!

When a comet hits Earth, real estate is used for destruction!

When Godzilla invaded Earth, real estate was meant to be destroyed!

When aliens invaded Earth, real estate was used to destroy!

Real estate was the root of a decaying society! It was the soil that gave rise to despair, and it was the original sin! She would never rely on real estate, even though her life now was completely dependent on real estate.

She wanted to do a career! She wanted to realize her own value! That was to slaughter a god! Kill the god of "Hero Genesis"!

Well, here’s the thing.

Hero Genesis was a game that provided technology to the United States. Many countries had jointly invested and cooperated with each other. The purpose of the game was to help everyone earn money together.

Then, do you believe that Merika would really be so kind as to not install some hacker programs in the game to steal the secrets of various countries' users? Matriarch Mi controlled the heart of the world, and Matriarch Mi did not die. Anyway, Moon God Night, who had a dark heart, did not believe it. In fact, when Moon God Night was studying in Merika, she had participated in some foot production as an assistant volunteer worker, but she did not know what footwork was made for. Now that she thought about it, this must be the early stages of Hero Genesis!

Why? If it was a military worker? The students couldn't have participated. Since the students were involved, why didn't they say it out loud? There must be a conspiracy behind this!

In short, Moon God Night thought that the hacker program was deeply hidden in the game and existed in the form of a super boss. This super boss was most likely the god of the new world! This god would secretly steal the information of all users in the world.

Moon God Night's goal was to kill, no, to be more precise, to "capture" this god! Because this god was nothing else, it was the core of Hero Genesis! That's right, although this game was jointly developed by Merika and many countries, the core technology was still firmly in Merika's hands.

Once he obtained the highest core technology in America, what would that mean? Advance, he could sell it to the country and realize his dream of China. Retreat, he could start his own counterfeit company. The meaning was far-reaching!

So, how do I steal it?

Moon God Night made use of the gaming helmets bought on the market to modify and insert hacker codes, and then sold the game mainframe of Soaring Dragon on the connect line. Once the time was ripe, she could use the powerful computational ability of Soaring Dragon mainframe to instantly hack into it—okay, it was a little complicated, but players could simply understand that she had made an extremely high-end, classy, low-key, luxurious, and meaningful cheat!

This cheat could only be used once!

What if she failed? If she failed, then so be it. She could continue to play and be a landlord. When she was in a good mood, she could just find a rich and handsome man who was worth billions to marry her.

In reality, Moon God Night enjoyed its current gaming life because this game was more interesting than any other game in the past. Even if his father's Soaring Dragon Game Studios didn't collapse, it would also collapse in front of this game.

• • •

With a flash of magic light, Markal appeared again. It was finally done! Moon God Night's spirit was roused.

— System Message: You obtained the repaired "Underworld Ring"!

— Underworld Ring: [S] class strategic treasure, quest item. Enemy morale -1, enemy speed decreased by 1%.

He stroked his beard and said in satisfaction, "You did well. What you need to do now is to continue killing more undead and absorb more souls. This way, this ring will gradually recover to its peak state."

Moon God Night said indifferently, "Then can you tell me the whereabouts of the Underworld Staff?"

Markal shook his head. "No. Otherwise, it will alert the relevant forces. You are not the best warrior now. There are many things you need to work hard on. You may leave."

“Tch!” Moon God Night faintly guessed who the most outstanding Braveheart was and left the hall without looking back.