Chapter 193: Full Voyage

I can't take it anymore! This Raging Sea of Blood isn't feeling good after being stabbed by me, is he? He's openly inciting players to fight me, isn't he? I'm old now, my temper is good, and I have many missions. As a professional player, I haven't had the time to meet up with stupid kids. If it were back then, I would have fought you to the death! I'll make you puke!

Alright! I have a million yuan in savings now. I'll eat steamed buns and porridge every day. I'll play along and show everyone who's the boss of Caroline!

Da Fei opened the character panel and chose the character title "Dragon Knight Merchant Association President". He chose to display it publicly!

At that instant, the crowd who saw the golden words above Da Fei's head exclaimed. "He's the president of the Chamber of Commerce!"

"There's no Guild in the game! Is it real or fake?"

“Hey, hey! It’s true! The third place on the Arolin Chamber of Commerce list is this Dragon Cavalry Merchant Association!”

"Isn't that the NPC Chamber of Commerce? How can a player like him be the president of the NPC Chamber of Commerce?"

• • •

Hmph, what I want is the effect. You're forcing me to use my ultimate move, aren't you?! I'll start with a literary battle! If it doesn't work, then I'm sorry. When I return from my mission, I'll drive a small gunboat to destroy Blood Sea Workspace. If you have the guts, don't go out to sea!

Da Fei smiled coldly at the player from Blood Sea Studio. "Is your boss as awesome as me? He's not qualified to fight with me!"

The Blood Sea player was so shocked that he was speechless.

Da Fei shouted at the crowd, "Look carefully, my guild is the number one guild in the world! Initially, my guild was only going to recruit experts and elites, but I've changed my mind now. I want to recruit bold people. Whoever dares to sell the bill to me, I'll recruit them into my guild! Do you dare! Do you dare to join the number one guild in the world!?"

The crowd was in an uproar!

Only then did the player come back to his senses. He shouted at the surrounding crowd, "Whoever dares to join this scammer's guild, Blood Sea Studio will not be able to continue hunting him down!"

Da Fei laughed coldly. "D * mn, if I sell my country, isn't that the same as selling your whole family? Unless your whole family isn't Chinese!"

At this moment, two players squeezed their way through the crowd. On their heads were the words "Dragon Rider Navy Chamber of Commerce member". They were Soldier and Dawei.

The soldier shouted, "Brother Fei has made an exception to recruit people. If you have the guts, come in and eat well with Brother Fei to earn big money as a professional gamer. If you don't have the guts, move aside!"

Dawei also shouted, "I don't dare to say that I have guts. At least in the game, I dare to fight and charge!"

The crowd was in an uproar.

Da Fei nodded in satisfaction. This was the benefit of having a lackey. He had nothing better to do than to help out. Wahahaha!

The Blood Sea player said coldly, "Alright! I won't waste any more words. I'll record the video here and see who has the guts!"

At this moment, another group of people rushed over from behind the crowd. "Is it that the more units that sell Brother Fei, the more qualified they are to join Brother Fei's guild?"

Da Fei was stunned. Oh, right! That's right, I was too anxious to think about it just now. That should be the case. After all, there are only 98 slots left in the guild. If any ordinary player only sells 10 single items to me and takes up one of the slots in the guild, I won't leave!

Dafei smiled and said, "Not bad, are you here to sell the tickets?"

The group of players squeezed through the crowd and said, "I have 100!" "I also have 100!" "I have 50!"

Da Fei could not help but be stunned. 100 was the best small cabin space right now? This meant that these players were high-end players at the current stage! He then said happily, "Deal!"

The surrounding players finally made up their minds and said, "We want to trade too!"

Da Fei laughed out loud. "F*ck! Why didn't you come first? There are only 98 seats, line up slowly from more to less!"

At this moment, Da Fei's message rang. It was from the Invincible Armament Soldier.

"Brother Fei! This group of people doesn't come from the right place. They might be from Blood Sea Studio! They must be spies or ruining the guild's reputation!"

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned! What the heck, Blood Sea Studio is really bad? Tsk! Forget it, let's get past this first. He replied, "It's fine. I'll slowly clean it up in the future!"

The soldier said anxiously, "This will make people more honest. They will spread rumors that Brother Fei didn't keep his word. Yes, he's a liar!"

Liar my ass! This scamming guild of mine is a huge scam, do you understand! It's the conscience of the guild leader that I haven't recruited anyone all this while, do you understand? It's good that I didn't exchange blows with the spies. I finally have a conscience.

Da Fei said calmly, "It's okay. You don't understand my realm. Hurry up and farm Reputation Points."

The soldier replied, "Okay, Brother Fei. You have to be careful. We're going."

Da Fei nodded in satisfaction and shouted at the crowd, "Don't squeeze and don't make a fuss. Line up!"

The group of "spies" also immediately maintained order. "Don't mess around. Those who don't have 50 units go to hell!"

Da Fei laughed out loud. This was exactly what he wanted!

That's right, these people were indeed from Blood Sea Studio. When Da Fei showed his guild's signboard, the leader of the guild, the "One Color of the Sea and the Sky", was extremely shocked and realized that the situation was hopeless! Even if Blood Sea Studio could stop Da Fei from recruiting people in Erolyn, could they stop Da Fei from recruiting people in other cities? Would they be able to recruit people in main cities? By then, the people he would recruit would definitely be experts. They would definitely not be comparable to the weak businessmen now. Therefore, he made a prompt decision to let his own people occupy his guild's position first! If he dared to kick people, he would further tarnish his reputation as a liar!

As for Da Fei, he did not reject anyone who came with him. He was also on Blood Sea Studio's side.

Amidst the commotion, there was another commotion.

Da Fei saw that it was Katrina, Serbia, and Alicia, who had come with the gentleman baron.

The honey trap worked! Da Fei had mixed feelings.

Little Cortner stepped forward and bowed. "Mr. Captain, after the doctor's rescue, my stomach disease has recovered. I can go out to sea again! But I have a request—"

Da Fei was unwilling to talk to the NPC in front of the players, so he interrupted. "Don't rush. Let me ask you first, how many cargo cabins are there on your ship?"

Little Cortner was confused. "700 units."

The cargo hold was not big, which meant that there were a lot of gun cabins, and the firepower was really strong. It was not in vain for him to use the beauty trap. Da Fei nodded and said, "Then I'll borrow the Jazz cabin. Jazz, go and prepare first. We'll talk later."

Little Cortner hurriedly said, "Okay, okay. Actually, there's nothing to prepare. My ship has first-rate sailors who are always on standby." Then, he said to the three ladies with a smile, "Please visit my ship. This way, please."

"Then let's go take a look!" Katerina laughed and hugged Serbia as she followed.

Da Fei gritted his teeth.

"Tsk!" Alicia turned her head away.

Da Fei couldn't help but feel surprised. "Why aren't you going?"

Anricia glared. “Why should I?”

Although he did not know what exactly happened, this was the first time Da Fei deeply understood that her awkward temper had a cute side to it. He ignored her and continued shouting at the players, "Come, come, come, come, take the bill. Continue!"

At this moment, Da Fei's guild channel was bustling with activity. "As expected of Brother Fei. The three great beauties are really lucky with women!" "This is what a guild feels like. It feels so good!"

F*ck! I don't feel good!

Da Fei shouted in the guild channel, "I don't have enough money. Who dares to lend me 10,000 gold coins? Do you dare! Do you dare! I'll write a system note! Do you have it! Do you have it!"

Someone immediately said, "I have it, I have it. I'll lend you gold coins!"

Wahahaha, are you trying to gain my trust? I like it! I'm finally happy!

• • •

After being busy for half a day, Da Fei finally had no regrets after purchasing over 3,000 units of goods. He waved his hand and dismissed the crowd. Then, he shouted in the guild channel, "Now that the guild doesn't draw any commission, everyone can play as they used to. Pretend that the guild doesn't exist. Alright, I'm very busy. If anyone wants to talk to me, I'll lock them in their little black room."

"Got it, Boss."

The so-called commission meant that a portion of the profits of the members' runners-up were used to pay for the guild's development funds.

Now that everything was ready, it was time to set sail.

Da Fei found the luxurious white ship from Cortner's house at the dock! Damn, why is it the same as the SV Fly that I dreamed of in my dream?

Cortner personally came down the escalator to welcome them. He said with a smile, "I've never seen Miss Katerina and Miss Serbia be so brave, so capable, so beautiful, and so exotic. They have given me endless courage and strength, so I request Mr. Captain to let these two ladies serve in my captain's office. Otherwise, I won't have the courage to go out to sea!"

Katerina also chuckled. "Captain, I promised this noble gentleman to be a guest on his ship. You have to rely on yourself when I'm not around! Don't fall behind!"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! Are you kidding me! Without Brother Katarina's Elementary Nautical Skill, what f*cking ship would there be!

Serbia also said seriously, "That's right. Captain is too reliant on Miss Katerina. As a captain, you should have the ability to take charge."

— Puah! Another mouthful of blood spurted out! Even you are criticizing me! You must have been deceived by this kid's flowery words, right? I understand now. No wonder the little girl's loyalty didn't increase. It's because my ability has always made her feel unreliable!

Damn it, I hired an unreliable external helper and lost both my wives! Fortunately, this is a game. Otherwise, I would have immediately told him to scram.

It couldn’t be helped. This was the game. There was no free lunch. Players who wanted to get something from the system NPCs had to do quests or pay a price!

Forget it, I got 10 Skill Points for the Epic Mission, 4 Luck Skill Points, 1 Machinery Reinforcement Skill, and 5 points left. I can learn Master-level Nautical Skill and delay my flight. If not, I'll fall behind if I can't keep up with Katerina's Nautical Skill! Damn! What's going on! 5 precious Skill Points! Fortunately, I still have an Epic Mission reward. Otherwise, I'll be heartbroken! I have to go even if I have difficulties!

Just as he was feeling indignant, Da Fei thought of something and asked Alicia, "Why don't you go?"

Alicia's eyes slanted and she sneered, "I'm not exotic!"

Oh, not only are you not exotic, but you're also a little lacking compared to those ladies in gowns! Hmph, it doesn't matter, we'll have our alone time!

A loud horn sounded from the bay. Spielberg's whaling ship was slowly leaving the harbor.

Katerina waved and smiled. "Captain, it's time to set off!"

Da Fei sighed. "Let's go!"