Chapter 197: Fighting The Phantom Fleet

Da Fei asked in shock, "Mr. Renoir, what do we do now?"

Renoir nodded. "Fight, young man!"

No wonder she was a big navigator. She could see the problem at a glance. Let's fight! Da Fei hurriedly said to Alicia, "You will command the artillery in the gun cabin. Fight, girl!"

— System Message: You have adjusted your deputy's position as Artillery Chief.

"It's only four cannons!" Alicia ran to the gun cabin excitedly.

The messenger came in again and reported, "Captain, the flagship is ready for battle. Please approach the flagship!"

Da Fei nodded. "Roger that!" At this point, he could only rely on that Young Master's armed battleship. He hoped that the firepower was as strong as the rumors said.

Now, the sailors of the fleet were holding their weapons and standing guard at the side of the ship. The undead warships were gathering from all directions, giving people a huge sense of oppression. Most of these warships were medium-sized, and they were probably not the Eldest Young Master’s warship’s match. However, they were outnumbered.

Da Fei asked worriedly, "Captain, can we win?"

Renoir said calmly, "You'll know after fighting."

He was indeed a Voyager, simple and straightforward. Da Fei said, "What if we can't win?"

Renoir Egg said, "A true warrior who dares to face a dismal life."

What the heck! What he said was so philosophical! It was only then that Da Fei suddenly realized that Renoir no longer had the halo of a hero in his ghost state!

Da Fei exclaimed, "Captain, aren't you a hero?"

Renoir sighed. "How can you be a hero without your body?"

Da Fei could not help but be stunned. Speaking of which, this situation had also happened to Cyreal before! When the NPC heroes' strength was exhausted too badly, they would become ordinary NPCs! In other words, NPC heroes could be killed! This was fundamentally different from the players and the sub-heroes who joined the player team.

Da Fei asked anxiously, "Then can Captain help me get through this?"

Renoir said in a deep voice, "Unfortunately, I'm not much stronger than an ordinary ghost now. I need to observe the situation, or I need to get a body first."

Da Fei was stunned. "Body? Where? Like a Lich?"

Renoir said in a low voice, "Perhaps, the other party's ghost ship."

Da Fei exclaimed, "Specter Ship? A ship can also be a body?"

Renoir said calmly, "Aren't the other party all undead who use ships as their bodies? When I was alive, Specter Ship was only a mysterious legend that was passed down in the hands of water. I didn't expect to meet so many of them after I died! Anyway, fight with all your might. I'll see what this legendary Specter Ship is like."

Da Fei was shocked. "Is Captain going to learn how to transform into a ghost ship?"

Renoir said in a deep voice, "As a navigator, I have to learn new things to deal with crises at all times. If ordinary undead sailors can transform into Specter Ship, I have no reason to be inferior to them!"

So that's how it is! Da Fei said excitedly, "Understood, leave this to me!"

The Druid had said before that all trees had spirits, and spirits were life. The Holy Spirit was a spirit, and the Undead were also a spirit. As long as they could bring the ship back to life, it would be a good spirit! If a hero-level existence like Renoir revived and became a Specter Ship, would that be the Hero Spirit Ship? How strong would that be? Alright, whether the hero was strong or not, he would first have to see if the ordinary minions were strong. Come on, let me experience the strength of these Specter Ship.

The Specter Ship was getting closer. The sound of a piano could be heard from the front. The young master who brought his own battle BGM was obviously preparing to open fire. At this moment, Da Fei approached him at full speed. Only then did Da Fei realize that these Specter Ship were bare masts, broken sails, and even completely without sails!

F*ck! That was to say, Specter Ship could travel even without a sail. It was advanced, indeed advanced! Speaking of which, it made sense. Even if the Skeleton Dragon's empty skeleton wings could not withstand the wind, it could still fly.

* Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! * The Radiance Wings took the lead and opened fire. Dozens of ballistae on both sides of the cannons fired at the same time, and hundreds of arrows were fired!

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

— System Message: Wings of Light sank a ghost battleship. You received 4,300 EXP.

Wahahaha, in the end, it was just a small fry who was instakilled in one round. It was nothing much! It looked like the EXP was really nothing much. Da Fei's confidence was suddenly boosted.

Come on, let's show them the power of my Grandmaster Ballista! After deducting the additional attribute points from my equipment, my total attribute points have reached 70. The basic damage of a Grandmaster Ballista is 7-8. The unadjusted damage of my Ballista is 490-560!

On the other hand, the average Level 4 Weaponry Refinement Artillery had an Attack of 10 Defense and only 20 Attributes. The basic damage of the Advanced Ballista was 4-5, and they only had 80-100 Damage with one shot!

One of my cannons can withstand 10 NPCs! Furthermore, I've learned the divine skill "Mechanical Reinforcement", which allows me to bring an additional machine, which is a double blast cannon. My two cannons can withstand 10 of them, wahahaha!

* Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! * The ship shook slightly, and three rows of crossbow bolts whistled out. Alicia also aimed at the target and fired! A long row of battle reports appeared.

— System Message: You hit the Specter Battleship, causing 510 damage, missed, 510 damage!

— System Message: Your Ballista has a lucky effect, dealing 1210, miss, 1246 damage to the Specter Warship!

— System Message: Your intelligence gathering skill has gathered incomplete information about the Specter Warship!

• • •

Looking at the glaring "missed" that appeared in the system prompt message, Da Fei was stunned. "No way? How can such a huge ship be missed!"

Renoir said calmly, "Of course it's because the other party is Specter Ship!"

Could it be that Specter Ship was as disgusting as Specter Ship? Da Fei hurriedly opened the incomplete information on the Specter Ship.

Durability:??, Speed:?, Defense: 32, Ship Special Skill: Phantom Body…

I'm hot! He's really like a ghost! I don't have enough cannon. If I miss, it'll be a huge damage loss! Isn't this deliberately annoying?

Very good! Specter Ship is indeed promising. Today's pain is for tomorrow's pain. Captain, you must learn to transform into Specter Ship. I will form the head!

— Bang, bang, bang!!! It was like the sound of firecrackers. The closest ghost fleet retaliated. An unknown object emitting green smoke flew out from every ship, leaving a long arc in the air as it smashed towards Da Fei and Radiance Wings!

Da Fei's eyes narrowed in shock. This was a catapult attack? A siege engine was installed on a battleship? What the heck! The effect of a siege engine hitting buildings was not something that a Ballista could compare to! Especially wooden buildings like ships that could not be stepped on!

— Swoosh! Swoosh! A few green smokes landed on the surface of the sea around Da Fei's ship, causing water to splash everywhere! Da Fei was so shocked that he broke out in cold sweat! Fortunately, the catapults did not hit very well. The target hit on the moving ship was even worse!

However, the big spaceship escaped the disaster, but the big spaceship, Wings of Light, was not so lucky. It seemed to have been shot twice! The entire ship was filled with smoke. F*ck, will it be okay?

At this moment, the messenger came to report. "Captain, the flagship is preparing to break through by force. Captain, please follow!"

This resolute order must have been issued by Katerina. The baron must have been scared out of his wits. He didn't even play the piano, right? Then, they would break out! As long as they were fast, they wouldn't be afraid of these catapults.

The ship shook, and another ballista fired.

— System Message: You have hit the Specter Battleship. Damage missed, 523, 543!

— System Message: You hit the Specter Battleship and dealt 331 points of damage! You sank a Specter Battleship! You received + 30,000 EXP.

— System Message: You have obtained incomplete information about the Specter Warship.

Da Fei's eyelids twitched! 30,000 EXP! What the heck! What happened to the 4,300 EXP just now? I'm feeling hot! So that was the EXP gained from fighting the monsters by the Baron! These monsters have very high EXP! If I can get rid of all these monsters, wouldn't my EXP skyrocket and immediately turn this poor student, Anlicia, into an excellent student?

There was nothing else to say. Follow!

— Boom! With a loud sound, the huge body of the Radiance Wings crashed into a Specter Ship.

— System Message: Wings of Light sank a ghost battleship. You received 4,300 EXP.

Da Fei was shocked. So this was what they meant by forcefully breaking through!

…