Chapter 194: Bards

Junwen

On this day the galleys were safe, but five of the Commerce Society ships had been swallowed by the vortex.

The guild channel cursed: "How can this be? What is going on?"

"Brother Fei! Brother Fei! The ship is sinking!"

What the heck! If I didn't sink it, what does it have to do with me! Da Fei finally lost his patience. "What you mean is that your ship can't even operate?"

"It has nothing to do with sailing. There's a whirlpool! I never heard of a whirlpool during the open beta!"

Da Fei said angrily, "Then what do you think I should do? Should I compensate you or teach you how to sail?"

Everyone said in surprise, "Brother Fei wants to compensate?"

Da Fei said angrily, "Pay your a * *! Do you think I'm an insurance company or a pre-school kindergarten? Do what you have to do! I don't have time to listen to your nonsense!" I'll let you know the authority of the president!

Everyone said, "Yes, yes, yes. We'll be careful next time."

Da Fei clicked his tongue. F*ck, they're faking it for me! If it was a normal player, they would definitely cry their hearts out when their ship and cargo sank. But who are they? Employees of the nouveau riche studio! It's not like the boss is losing out to them. I don't feel any pressure at all trying to scam them.

Having learned from others, Da Fei became even more nervous. He kept his eyes on the surface of the sea to prevent any sudden whirlpools.

When night fell again, Da Fei became even more nervous. It was quite difficult to hide from the whirlpool at night. However, the Wings of Light was still brightly lit and dancing. It did not feel like it was carrying out a Trial Mission at all! Compared to Spielberg's whaling ship, it was completely controlled by the lights and darkness. This was called professionalism!

Damn it, you're having fun every night with my beauty? Da Fei couldn't take it anymore! I was the one who was entrusted by his grandfather to train him. I'm the instructor, I'm the commander-in-chief. I order you to be quiet!

Da Fei hurriedly looked for the flag-bearer and said angrily, "Shout for the lights to be turned off. Silence!"

"Why should I be silent? How boring would it be without music!" Alicia, who was sitting diagonally in the cockpit and fiddling with the Rubik's cube toy, interrupted lazily. Today, her position had not been fixed. One moment she was fishing, the next moment she was on the lookout, the next moment she was acting as a sailmaker, the next moment she was lying on the deck reading a novel. In short, she was bored to death and Da Fei could do nothing about her!

Even you are against me! Da Fei almost choked!

Alright, he has always been like this! Why is it so difficult to lead my team? I'll come and reason with you when I see Heavenly State's granny. Don't forget that granny's last words were for me to train you. Now that you're like this, it means that I'm not strict enough! Even if I have to risk losing my loyalty, I'll still train you!

Da Fei took a deep breath and said with a solemn face, "We are carrying out a very important mission. We will encounter all kinds of dangers, so we must stop the Baron's ostentatious behavior. I want to implement light control."

Alesia chuckled. "If our enemy is only pirates, then it's not wrong to control the lights. The problem is that our enemy is not just pirates."

Da Fei's eyebrows twitched. "Could it be that he can deal with the Sea God by holding a concert?"

Alicia shook her head and smiled. "No mortal dares to say that they can deal with gods!" Then she pointed outside the window. "Captain, look at what's glowing on the sea near the fleet?"

Looking at the sparkling waves around the fleet, Da Fei said in surprise, "Isn't it just the sea that is reflected by the lights on his ship?"

Alicia smiled and said, "Not entirely. There are also some algae that will glow because of the waves, which is the so-called Crimson Tide. The Crimson Tide will attract many fish to hunt for food."

Da Fei said with a sullen face, "Yes, we can also lure the sea monsters here!"

"Ice Fruit!" Alicia laughed and said, "That's right, it's a sea monster! Sea monsters are the fighters of the Sea God, and sea monsters have three ways to track their targets. One, sonar, two, lights, three, blood smell. All kinds of music played by Wings of Light can interfere with the sea monster's sonar signal. Its exaggerated lights can cause a large area of the sea to emit light, which can not only interfere with the sea monster's vision, but also attract a lot of fish to further interfere with the sea monster's perception. As for the smell of blood, we don't have to consider it at the moment. So, that knight has other intentions!"

There's actually a theoretical basis? Da Fei's jaw dropped. "There's such a thing? Is he such a profound person?"

Alicia shook her head and sighed. "He's the grandson of a Voyager and a knight of the kingdom. He's more or less capable. Right, his profession is a bard. Or rather, a musician."

Da Fei said in surprise, "Bards? Heroes?"

Anlicia shook her head. "It's not a Hero profession. Strictly speaking, it's just the name of a skill. In fact, there have been heroes in the history of the poet profession. For example, the most famous one is Undead poet Virgil, who helped Dante travel through purgatory. The poet's weapon is voice, and their music or war songs can boost the troops' morale, increase their attacks, or reduce the enemy's state of mind, etc. Unfortunately, the poet's sorrow is destined to be very difficult to become a hero. It's been thousands of years since a poet's hero appeared, but the poet's hero's skills have indeed spread among the people and then been improved by various people. For example, the church's hymns and the barbarian's war cries. Oh right, it's very difficult for Captain to associate the barbarian's war cries with the poet's, right?"

Dafei was dumbfounded. "You know so much!"

Alicia said proudly, "As an elf, of course I have to know a lot of things with my long lifespan and memories, not to mention that I'm very knowledgeable at home."

Da Fei nodded. "As expected of Grandma's granddaughter!" At this moment, Da Fei almost thought she was possessed by an old grandma!

Anlicia was even more pleased. "By the way, if Captain wants to fight against the orcs, it's best to learn a poet's skill. The poet's skill can effectively restrain the orcs' trenches."

Learning a poet's skill? Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. "That means, if we successfully help that knight advance to Voyager, he will teach us a poet's skill?"

Alicia smiled. "Ice fruit! But it's to teach Miss Serbia because Miss Serbia was born a nun and has a foundation in singing every day. That's what he said in the ward."

Da Fei finally understood. "So this knight is actually capable!"

Alicia nodded and said seriously, "In fact, the most important thing is that the North Sea produces sea demons. Their singing can make sailors jump into the sea crazily, and only the poet's voice can compete with them. I think this is also why Old Cortner taught him to participate in this operation. In other words, if we want him to truly grow, we must fight the sea demons!"

"So that's how it is!" Da Fei now understood everything. This mission required him to help people catch whales and fight sea demons. This was really something! However—

Dafei coughed and said, "You seem to be saying that others are very logical, but what about yourself?"

Anlicia’s face twisted. “Me? What’s wrong with me?”

Da Fei took out his grandmother's will and snorted. "I have to train you for your grandmother's will. Don't just focus on playing and talking about others!"

Alicia chuckled and said in an indifferent tone, "Oh? How does Captain train me?"

F*ck! How dare you look down on me! I'll show you my true ability!

Da Fei snorted and said, "Of course, it's the two of us who combined our divine skills, Stealth Sailing! Our journey is long and difficult. I have to train you during this period of time."

Alicia was shocked. “Me? A duo? Grandma said three!”

Oh, he had indeed inherited his grandmother's will! That was good. He was not tired of talking.

Da Fei proudly said, "With my Master-level Nautical Skill and Advanced Voyager, the effect is infinitely close to the Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill. I have two jobs with the God-level Reconnaissance Skill! You're the shortcoming. How dare you not work hard?" Regardless of whether it worked or not, it was worth a try. Even if he could not combine skills, he could still create a knockoff skill to defend himself.

Alicia's face twitched and she said disdainfully, "Tsk, what's so great about it! I don't believe it!"

Oh yeah, successful persuasion! Heavenly State’s grandmother, watch me train her until she pukes!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']