Chapter 195: Crazy Plan In Japan

Autumn Leaf Plains in Tokyo, Mitsubishi ABC Software Building, Mitsubishi battleteam headquarters' meeting room. Over a hundred professional players from the main team were gathered.

On the podium, Fifty Shades of Lan scanned the venue with a serious expression. Then, she turned on the television wall behind her. The news on the wall started to roll.

— "Hero Genesis was launched globally, creating a sales figure of $11.7 billion in just 15 days. Just the sales of the Chinese proxy zone alone reached $3 billion. Hero Genesis' global popularity greatly boosted the confidence of various developers. It allowed countries to see the huge market prospects of eSports. Among them, countries and regions such as Pakistan, Thailand, Vietnam, Australia, Taiwan, Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico strongly requested for new zones to be added. Therefore, the United States of America's Hero Genesis joint headquarters is set to add new zones to Southeast Asia in early March, South America, so that players all over the world can really join the game…"

——————— "And Pakistan says that Pakistan is a nuclear power with a population of 1.7 billion. Pakistan's stability and prosperity symbolizes the stability and prosperity of Central Asia, which can play a major role in the world's peace. Pakistan has a large population and a huge market potential. At the same time, its achievements in nuclear energy aerospace prove that Pakistan is a fully deserving technological power. Pakistan is fully capable of setting up servers alone like Japan. It is unscientific to suspect Pakistan's ability to integrate Pakistan into the Southeast Asian region on the basis of terror instability."

— "The Taiwanese region has also expressed that as a world-renowned e-sports zone, the Taiwanese region has the ability to set up its own server. Its market potential is not inferior to South Korea's 50 million people. It is unscientific to merge Taiwan into the Southeast Asian region. At the same time, the China National Stage Office has also expressed that this is indeed unscientific. The Taiwanese region should connect to the China region. The US headquarters are deeply dissatisfied with the way the Cold War's divided ideology was forced into the game! They have also issued a stern protest!"

— "Brazil has said that Brazil, with a population of 200 million, is the most dynamic country in South America. The market prospects are huge. Just like Brazil's world-renowned achievements in football, Brazil is completely capable of reaching the top of the world in eSports. Brazil should also set up a separate server. There's no reason to be with Argentina."

— "Argentina, with a population of 40 million, immediately responded to Brazil's remarks. Brazil does not have the ability to set up a server alone. This is just a poor excuse for Brazil to avoid our Argentina!"

• • •

Fifty Lan said solemnly, "Everyone, there's still a month left. New players will join the game and the international situation will change drastically. This also means that we will have new opponents and new challenges on our way to dominate the world. What is the problem with our Japanese server?—Mr. Hirata, tell me your views!"

The entire audience was solemn.

Fifty Lan raised his voice. "Lord Pingtian!"

"President, Hirata-kun is asleep!"

"What the f*ck!!!" Fifty Shades flew into a rage. "How dare you! Is this the performance of a world-class professional?!"

Hirata Hirata was startled awake. He immediately stood up and said, “President, the Hell Stables are about to send troops. If I don’t go and rob them, I will be recruited by the NPCs!”

As the strongest and most talented contestant in Japan and possibly the most powerful contestant in the world, this Hirata Hirata was really too nerdy. He had no sense of the big picture.

No. 50 Haze suppressed his anger and waved his hand. "Go! Mr. Hirata, use your actions to tell us that the problem with our Japanese region is our lack of troops. How can we solve this problem?—Tomohito-kun, tell us your opinion."

Airplane TakeASpearHit stood up slowly and said, "I have been thinking about this question for a long time. However, it is too risky, so I can only take it as an idea."

"Oh, you have a mind of your own. It seems like I'm the next leader!" Fifty Lan nodded in satisfaction. "Please speak."

"Hi! Please enlighten us!" Tsukumoto bowed to the crowd and said seriously, "If we want to conquer the world, we have to conquer this area first. Therefore, we should kill our way out of hell and occupy the entire Surface World of the Japanese area. In other words, we have to destroy all the Humans, Elves, and Dwarfs in this area! We will achieve the unification of hell in the Japanese area!"

The entire venue was in an uproar!

Fifty Lan was shocked. "Do you mean that we will destroy the NPC forces of our Guild of Light?"

"Hey!" Tsukumoto said excitedly, "Let's start from the Elven Kingdom! Although we have lost the Kingdom War in the China server, I have learned my lesson from this failure. If there is another battle in the Pond of Light, we will definitely not lose. At the same time, our Great Japan Area will be united, and no players from the Guild of Light will stop us. Not only will they not stop us, but they will also become our insiders. As long as the Elven Kingdom in this area collapses, the Guild of Light will be split into two, and they will be destroyed by our Hades army! At that time, volcanoes from Hell will erupt all over the continent, and the fortresses of the Hell race will be situated on the entire Hero Continent. We will have endless troops!"

Such a crazy idea shocked everyone!

Fifty Hailan exclaimed, "Tomb King, do you know that this means that we will start a battle above the Epic stage? At the same time, the NPCs' strategic focus is on the New World. They might not give us enough support!"

Tsukumoto said firmly, "The NPCs' thinking will also change according to the players' achievements. If we win the first battle and open up a gap in the Pool of Light, the NPCs will very likely adjust their strategy!"

Fifty Lan raised his eyebrows and scanned the crowd. "What do you think?"

Everyone said, "Although it's very risky, it's definitely very bold!"

"It's worth a try!"

"If we succeed, Japan will be the world's master! Even the United States will not be able to stop us!"

Fifty Lan nodded. "This Tsukuyama's suggestion is of great importance. I must submit it to the board of directors and discuss it carefully. Before that, all of you must work hard and not slack off. Especially that Da Fei from the China server. His strength has advanced by leaps and bounds. At the same time, there's news that the Indian server has also made a breakthrough in the Mage Academy. All of you must take this as an example—"

Right at this moment, the door to the conference room suddenly opened, and a hale and hearty old man in kimono appeared at the door.

"Director Matsuyama!"

Everyone stood up and bowed. "Greetings, chairman!"

The white-haired old man looked at the crowd and said in a deep voice, "There's no need to leave it to the Council to discuss. I believe in everyone's ability. It's decided!"

The crowd bowed again and responded, "Hi!"

• • •

With the global sales of Hero Genesis exploding, for the sake of the new situation, the Japanese server began to prepare the crazy plan to conquer the world!