Chapter 192: No One Is Allowed To Sell The Bill To Him

Little Cortner was not at home. Old Cortner asked the servant to return to the city with Da Fei and asked the servant to find him to meet Da Fei.

After the carriage entered the city, it stopped in front of a luxurious hall. The servant jumped off the carriage and bowed. "Please wait a moment, gentlemen. I will go and call the young master out."

Looking at the golden aura of the clubhouse, Da Fei was so shocked that he nodded. Then, he asked Spielberg, who was also shocked, "Do you know where that is?"

Spielberg licked his lips and coughed dryly. "Of course it's a place that men love to go! But only those with titles can enter."

So there was such a place in the game too! Da Fei could not help but be fascinated. Should he get a noble title too? However, it was very difficult to get a noble title. He could only get one if he did something that made the royal family approve of him. He wondered if his two Epic missions were enough to get a noble title?

In a short while, a burst of laughter came from the entrance. A few elf beauties in open-breasted gowns laughed and surrounded a handsome and elegant elf gentleman.

What the heck! A beauty from the Elf Tribe! Indeed, she has an extraordinary temperament! Da Fei cast an evil gaze at Alicia beside him. Brother, should I get her a set of clothes to wear too? Ah, wait! This guy in the middle is Little Cortner? Why does he look like a playboy?

The elven gentleman lamented in an exaggerated opera-like tone, "Oh, my babies, I'm going on a great voyage! I have to leave!"

The girls exclaimed, "That's amazing! We're going with the baron!"

Hey, hey, hey! Don't do this!

The elven gentleman shook his head and sighed. "No, the sea is very dangerous. There are pirates, sea monsters, and bad weather. It'll scare the babies!"

The girls cried and said, "We can't bear to part with Lord Baron. Lord Baron is so brave, he will definitely protect us. We will definitely see Lord Baron's heroic figure!"

The elven gentleman immediately patted his chest. "Alright! Let's go together!"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of mucus. F*ck! It's just a nautical noob. Are you going to f*ck him?!

Under the guidance of a servant, the colorful little Cortner came to Da Fei's carriage. No matter what, he was a Baron, and he could not be lacking in etiquette. Da Fei also got off the carriage to welcome him.

Little Cortnert bowed gentlemanly. "Greetings, Captain. Please guide me in the future."

Da Fei's gaze was attracted by the beautiful and charming female Elves beside him. He could not help but nod. "Sir, you're too polite. You're too polite." Instantly, the girls laughed.

"Then, where is Captain's destination?"

Da Fei smelled the fragrance of the beauties and said, "Fire Dragon Island."

Little Cortner's expression changed. "Fire Dragon Island? That very cold Fire Dragon Island?"

The servant said seriously, "Yes, Young Master. This is not a vacation. Master is serious. Please be fully prepared. We cannot bring these ladies along."

Little Cortner clutched his stomach and cried, "Oh my, my stomach disease is acting up again. Captain, I'm really sorry. I can't go! Don't wait for me! Doctor, I'm going to see a doctor. I want to be hospitalized!" With that said, he abandoned the group of beauties and hurriedly jumped onto his luxurious carriage and ran away.

The servant said anxiously, "Young Master! Young Master!"

— System Message: Warning! Your mission "Training Seafarer Little Cortner" is about to fail. Once it fails, your Reputation will decrease.

Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of nasal shit! F*ck, why are you so scared that you don't dare to care about me? I'm not your father. Why do you have to deduct my reputation!

Spielberg also sighed and said, "What a pity. Without the Koltner family's Wings of Radiance exploration ship, we will have one less powerful firepower."

Da Fei said in surprise, "His ship is very strong?"

The servant sighed. "After Young Master inherited Old Master's ship, he spent a lot of money to renovate the ship into a very luxurious and powerful warship. Unfortunately, Young Master only used it for touring banquets and never used it for actual combat."

Da Fei's jaw dropped! F*ck, isn't this my dream! My dream is to renovate SV Fly into a palace on the sea with 32 Phantom Ballistas, then drink champagne and play the piano on the deck with my little baby in a bikini? He's a kindred spirit! I have to drag him down no matter what!

Da Fei anxiously said, "If Young Zhuang doesn't work hard, Old Master will be sad. You can't disappoint him, right? Where did he go? You have to bring him back!"

The servant sighed and said, "The old master can't do anything to the young master, let alone us servants. If the young master says no, then he's not going!"

How was that possible! She had just seen him pat his chest proudly in front of a beauty!

Da Fei anxiously said, "Men's courage is proportional to their abilities! With me protecting him, would he be afraid of anything happening?"

The servant nodded and remained silent. Clearly, he did not have much confidence in Da Fei.

Da Fei anxiously said, "Then tell me, what exactly can make Young Master, ah no, this Baron, muster up the courage?"

The servant sighed, "Sir, you've seen her too. Of course, she's a young and beautiful lady…"

— Pfft! F*ck! This guy is actually a real man!

At this point, there was only one way! As the saying goes, if you can't bear to part with your child, you won't be able to catch the wolf. If you can't bear to part with your wife, you won't be able to catch the pervert. I can only ask Katerina to step in! It seems like she has always yearned for a life like a palace at sea, right? No matter if it works or not, I'll give it a try! Oh right, to be safe, I'll ask Serbia and Alicia to come along! I don't believe that my beautiful wife won't be able to seduce her! Fortunately, this is a game, and she's an NPC. Otherwise, players wouldn't even think about it!

Da Fei gritted his teeth and said, "I have a way to make the baron move. I wonder where the baron will go?"

The servant said happily, "That's great. Of course, the baron is going to the hospital to pretend to be sick!"

Da Fei said in a low voice, "I'll arrange for a few people to go with you." Da Fei really did not want to be present for something like this.

Da Fei picked up Katerina and Serbia from the hotel and asked her to follow the servants.

There was not much time left. Spielberg first returned to the dock to purchase supplies for the sea. Da Fei also went to the shipyard to purchase goods, prepare winter clothes, and so on.

From the conversation in the carriage, he learned that Spielberg's cargo hold was indeed astonishingly large. There were a total of 2,000 units! This was definitely a large ship used to carry whales! Indeed, the whaling ship did not need many soldiers' dormitories, nor did it have any upper level buildings, nor did it need a gun cabin. Its cannons were fixed on the deck, and there was no upper level structure to make room for many gun positions on the deck.

In short, Da Fei only had 40,000 gold coins on him to fill up 2000 units of goods! Of course, money was not a big problem. He just needed to buy some cheap goods. The key was that according to the rules of the trading center, a player could only make one transaction a day. The transaction volume was related to the level of the player's trading certificate. Da Fei had just gotten a basic certificate, so he definitely could not buy many things.

I have no choice. Same rules. I'll take the inventory from the players, especially since professional merchants have the ability to buy low and sell high. Their goods are cheap. The key is, will they sell it to me? Weren't they all shouting about boycotting me a while ago?

Come on, I'm an international celebrity now. I want to see my influence. If I really can't do it, it's equivalent to hiring two bodyguards.

— City Channel [Da Fei]: Buying medicine, food, alcohol, and entertainment items at a discount of 7%. Buying as many as you can. Man is at the trading center, max-level Skill Merchant.

For a moment, Da Fei, who was in the exchange center, became the topic of discussion again.

“What for? Didn’t he run out of ships? Or did he buy a warehouse?”

"The warehouse is used to store specialty products, right? What's the use of storing ordinary goods?"

"Do you want a 9% discount?"

"Hey, hey, newbie, don't go over! Get someone to screenshot Blood Sea Studio and tell them to chase after you!"

"Is that so? Don't scare me!"

Da Fei's brows twitched. F*ck, no one dares to sell things to me? This Blood Sea Studio is awesome!

At this moment, a player rushed in from outside the crowd. Oh, someone is finally willing to sell the bill to me, right?

That player walked in front of Da Fei and pointed at the surrounding crowd. "Blood Sea Studio has an arrest warrant. Whoever dares to sell an order to Da Fei, the big liar in the national server, the traitor in the war, Blood Sea Studio PK him until he reaches Level 0. Make him unable to survive!"

— Puah! Da Fei could not take it anymore and spat a mouthful of hot air on his face. "F*ck you!"