Chapter 196: Entering The Sea Of Death

Junwen

(Thanks to my careful reminder, I also obtained a Skill Point when I ascended to Level 31, so I still have one Skill Point left. Er, books with data flow are really hard to write ~ _ #)

The night sky was filled with stars, and the fleet advanced at full speed under the lead of the noisy Radiance Wings. Da Fei, on the other hand, began to try new ideas to train Anlicia.

— System Message: You used Phantom March.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has released Advanced Arcane Spell "Illusion Legion".

— System Message: Your combination of "Stealth Sailing" failed!

Another failure! Advanced Arcana Techniques were indeed useless! He couldn’t even obtain the skill information.

Alicia said impatiently, "Captain, stop trying!"

F*ck! You have the cheek to say that? It's all because you're ignorant and incompetent. You're not even a Master! If you can't even handle a ship, you can't even count on a large ship. Da Fei sighed and said, "Look at you. Grandma is right!"

Alicia snorted. "Don't bother me! I want to calm down!" With that, she slammed the door and left.

F*ck! What a temper, but is she really throwing a tantrum like this? Fine, I won't torture your self-esteem anymore. I'll let you reflect on yourself. In the end, your skills aren't enough. You have to fight a few battles to let her level up by two levels. But how are we going to fight in this vast sea? Pirates? Sea monsters? F*ck, it's best not to appear, okay?

Da Fei started driving the ship quietly again. The night passed peacefully.

The sun rose from the east and shone brightly. A new day had begun. This was the third day of sailing.

This time, the NPC officer said that it would take a month, which meant three days in the real world. This should be calculated according to the average Master-level Nautical Skill used to open a normal cargo ship. And although this Radiance Wings Exploration Ship’s full weight affected its speed, it was definitely twice as fast as an ordinary cargo ship.

If he included the fact that he was a little slow in navigating the ship, but with Katerina's grandmaster-level nautical skills, she had an advantage of 20 acceleration, and a master-level pirate had an advantage of 25. In short, the three-day journey of the fleet was equivalent to five or six days in normal circumstances.

The rest of the journey was still long. It was probably one and a half days in the real world. There was nothing much to say. They would have to endure through the night!

At this moment, Anlicia seemed to have regained her sunny mood. She was fishing, reading, and sunbathing. And now, she was sleeping in.

Da Fei missed the days when Katerina was around. If she was around, why would he stay up all night? At this moment, the messenger came in to report. "Captain, the flagship has sent a message. Our fleet is about to enter the Linfeng Strait. Captain, please be prepared."

Oh! Something was finally going to happen? Da Fei, who had been feeling vexed for the past few days, immediately opened the map to check.

The so-called strait usually referred to the sea between the two continents. This Cold Wind Strait was a relatively spacious aisle between large reefs. After exiting the strait, they officially entered the North Sea. Generally speaking, the waves in the strait were smaller than in the outer sea, so the speed of the ships passing by would naturally decrease. Therefore, the Strait was usually a good place for pirates' sailing ships to raid large merchant caravans. However, the game information did not introduce any pirate forces moving around here. After all, this was not the main trade route, and there were no islands large enough for pirates to hide on. Would there be pirates?

No matter what, the Sea God had not attacked him for three consecutive days. Would he attack him here? Da Fei vaguely felt that something had happened. He hurriedly woke up Anlicia, who was sleeping on the deck. "Get up, get up! Prepare for battle."

Annisia looked around angrily but did not say anything. She climbed up the mast and looked at the lookout tower.

Yup, not bad. Although he usually liked to argue with him, he did not drop the ball at critical moments. Da Fei stuck his head out of the window and turned to look at the wriggling bottom of Anlicia, who was climbing. He felt regretful and wondered why her belt did not drop the ball.

• • •

A cluster of reefs appeared in front of them. The lead Radiance Wings continued playing its zither, and without slowing down, it charged into the sea channel.

At this moment, Da Fei was in a very conflicted mood. He hoped that something would come and give him some EXP so that he could spend this long time on the sea. He also hoped that nothing would happen and he would not pass safely.

The sky was suddenly filled with dark clouds, and the sea breeze suddenly stopped. The fleet's speed suddenly decreased. Da Fei's heart jumped. What was supposed to come was finally here!

At this moment, the sea was shrouded in mist.

The messenger hurriedly came over and reported, "Captain, the flagship has issued an order. An abnormal fog has appeared, and the signal flag language will be difficult to use. Please follow the piano sound of the flagship and don't fall behind! Once you deviate from the route, you will hit the reef!"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. What the heck, who issued this command? It can't be that Baron, right? Is it me training you training me? However, as he looked at the thick fog, the ship ahead became more blurry, Da Fei broke out in cold sweat and could only nod.

The fog got bigger. The entire world was covered in fog. Da Fei's God-grade Reconnaissance Skill seemed to be blinded by the fog. Soon, the two green dots representing the flagship and the whaling ship disappeared from the radar. The only sound left in the world was the faint sound of the piano!

This was f*cking listening and positioning! How could this be? When the old lady used the Mist Technique, at least the radar could still be used. Why couldn't it be used now? Was this God-grade fog? Was this the power of the Sea God?

Da Fei broke out in cold sweat. His hands were trembling nervously. He could not make any mistakes. He had to follow them!

Wait! There's another problem. I can't even see the God-level Reconnaissance Skill. How am I supposed to lead Katerina's ship? Are there blind people riding blind horses? Will there be a whirlpool in the fog? Da Fei felt even more uneasy.

While he was on tenterhooks, time ticked by. The only sound in the world was the sound of waves crashing against the piano. Da Fei was not in the mood to appreciate it at all. How much longer was there?

The sound of the piano suddenly became loud and excited. Da Fei's heart jumped. Was this the rhythm of a battle? Encountering enemies? Encountering enemies? Why didn't the system notify him? Could he stop playing the piano? Anyway, the sound was leading the way. Would it kill him to blow the horn?

Amidst her confusion, Alicia jumped down from the observation deck and rushed in. She said with a serious expression, "Captain, the situation is not right. Spielberg's ship has lost contact. We have entered another world with the flagship!"

Another world? Da Fei exclaimed, "How did you know?"

Alicia said coldly, "Two little bees!"

Oh, right, her bees can be navigated! That means, my ship, as well as my adjutant's ship, are all targets of retaliation from the Sea God. As for the unrelated Spielberg, he was isolated by the Sea God? This is the power of the Sea God? He's too strong! What mission did I accept?

Da Fei's voice trembled nervously. "What kind of world is this?"

"Ahahahaha!!!" A loud and dignified laughter suddenly resounded through the misty world!

Da Fei was shocked. "You are Sea God?"

A loud voice echoed, "How can a puny mortal be worthy of talking to the Lord God? You don't have the right to know the name of my Sea General Skira. This is the world of the dead. All the mortals who died on the sea sacrificed their souls to my God to serve him. Mortals, although you escaped the pursuit of this general and almost broke through the Mist Barrier, you can't hide from this Sea of Death no matter what. Repent for your sins! Wahahahaha…"

The laughter gradually stopped, the fog gradually dissipated, and a huge silver moon shone in the sky. The grayish-black sea was covered with tens of thousands of protruding reefs, and there were countless debris of sunken ships floating around. Da Fei took a deep breath. This is the ocean of the Undead Realm. This is my second time here!

At this moment, Radiance Wings was not far ahead, and the whaling ship had indeed disappeared. Now, how was he going to get out? Where was the road?

Just as he was hesitating, Da Fei felt the Captain's sword on his waist tremble. Da Fei was suddenly delighted. Could it be?

As expected, the captain's sword flashed and a white ghost floated out!

"Ghost!" Alicia screamed!

What the heck! This place is full of ghosts! Da Fei said excitedly, "Mr. Renoir!"

The ghost Renoir laughed. "Adventurer, long time no see? I felt Silver Moon's call and the familiar aura. So I'm back in the Undead World."

What the heck, I was at a loss. You woke up just in time! Da Fei excitedly said, "Captain! Teacher, I inherited the teachings in your book. I've also become a Voyager!"

Renoir said with satisfaction, "Not bad. But you seem to be in trouble now?"

Da Fei was shocked. The radar suddenly turned red. He looked around and saw countless floating debris slowly floating out of the water, turning into complete black battleships!

Da Fei's jaw dropped. F*ck, the ship really has life!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']