Chapter 199: Renoir'S Ghost Ship

() Da Fei nodded in satisfaction as the herald came in.

Not bad, Cortner knew how to adapt to the situation. Any normal person would have done the same. I'll forgive you for sending me the boat. Now, I just have to wait for Renoir to succeed. Although I'm out of the game this time, it's a good thing that I left Renoir behind long ago. This is heaven's will! I must succeed!

The breakout continued, and the battle continued. The entire Radiance Wings was completely enveloped by the poisonous fog. The shattered wooden ship floated in front of Da Fei in large chunks. The Radiance Wings was about to die.

Da Fei was so anxious that he broke out in cold sweat. Why hadn't he transformed yet? If he continued fighting, he would die! Could Renoir have failed?

* Rumble! * Another loud sound rang out, and a stone shot towards the Radiance Wings ship!

— System Message: Message! Radiance Wings is heavily damaged and is about to collapse and sink. Please be prepared to retreat from the battle or rescue the navy!

Da Fei was so shocked that his eyes shrank. Hey, hey, hey! I'm really going to die! Did I really fail in transforming? Brother, even if I fail, you should at least go back to your sword and snort at me!

Creak!!! A loud cracking sound came from the thick fog. Da Fei's heart was stuck in his throat!

— System Message: The durability of the Wings of Light has been greatly restored and it is out of its collapsing state!

Success! He must have succeeded! Da Fei finally heaved a sigh of relief!

Of course, it was not too early to be happy. What he needed to see now was the power of Specter Ship. He wanted to see if it could turn the tide and reverse the situation! Da Fei widened his eyes. He was here to witness a miracle!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Another volley of cannons shot out from the smoke, and an enemy ghost ship shattered. The moment it shattered, a green smoke flew towards Radiance Wings!

— System Message: Wings of Light sank a ghost battleship and absorbed the energy of the enemy battleship. The ship's durability has been restored. You received 11,800 EXP.

Oh yeah!!! Da Fei finally could not help but laugh out loud! Success! I finally succeeded! I have a chance to live! Wahahaha!

The Ghost Ship, Wings of Light, was absorbing the soul energy of the defeated Undead like a vampire. Its durability was constantly recovering, and its speed was constantly increasing. Under its high-speed maneuvers, the catapult attacks of the ghost fleet could no longer pose a threat to it. The poisonous fog that enveloped the entire ship dissipated with the wind. Da Fei finally saw the newborn Wings of Light!

Under the illumination of the silver moon, a huge silver-black warship that was emitting black gemstones appeared before their eyes!

Awesome! Awesome! At the end of the day, it's just that I'm too awesome! All my adventures, all my balls ache, are all worth it! Da Fei finally shed tears of happiness!

There was no longer any suspense in the battle below. There was no need for the Wings of Light to break through the encirclement, harvest! A one-sided harvest! All of these Specter Ship had become its food! The Specter Ship that had its soul sucked out did not come back to life, and the number of fleets on the sea kept decreasing.

In this harvest feast, a system prompt that sounded like the sound of nature arrived!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has leveled up to Level 22! Attack + 1, Health + 2. You have obtained a ziyou attribute point and a Skill Point!

Wahahaha! The poor student has finally leveled up twice. He can finally learn Master Arcana Techniques! Come on, your life of training has just begun!

• • •

Finally, the last spectral warship was defeated. The entire Dead Sea was calm. Countless pieces of wood and debris rose and fell with the waves.

Victory! Complete victory, wahahaha! Of course, the biggest regret was that Renoir was only my partner, not my sub-hero. Otherwise, why would my experience be like this? Sigh, whether it's a partner or not, I really can't bring more sub-heroes. I've been fed by beautiful sub-heroes, and I'm really not interested in male heroes, especially undead men.

Now that Wings of Light was quietly parked on the sea, the entire ship was shrouded in a thick layer of death aura. This was clearly a sign that it had eaten too much?

Da Fei's ship hurriedly leaned over. Cortner and Katerina, who were covered in bandages, came to the escalator to welcome him.

Katerina smiled and said, "As expected of Captain. He always has a way to tide through danger!"

Cortner bowed and said, "Sir, you are truly the hero of Caroline. I deeply admire you. If I can complete my journey and return alive, I will write your heroic deeds into poems that will be widely sung!"

Oh yeah? It's widely spread! This is the main profession of Bards and Reputation. I like it! Da Fei laughed and said, "I say, Sir, it's better to write it now. Even if something happens to Sir, he can still pass on his legacy!"

Cortner bowed. "You are right!"

Katerina smiled and said, "Captain is joking. A powerful knight like Captain will be fine."

Cortner sighed. "I have benefited greatly from Mr. Renoir's words. After this experience, I think I should know what a navigator is. At the very least, I should have the courage to face death."

Oh? Is he going to become a Voyager? Good, then he won't have to fight the sea demons like the students predicted!

At this moment, Renoir's voice came from the ship. "It's better not to write poetry or anything like that. If you have a huge reputation before you have sufficient strength, you will only bring trouble to yourself."

Da Fei was stunned! That's right, I colluded with Renoir to rebel against Markal. If this poem of his were to spread to Markal, wouldn't it cause a stir?

Dafei hurriedly said, "Sir, you have a point. Then don't compose a poem."

Cortner nodded. “You’re right, sir. Then I’ll study diligently during the journey below.”

Renoir said in a low voice, "Now that the claws and teeth have been destroyed, the next step is to find the magic altar that presides over this Dead Sea Maze. This altar must be somewhere in the sea. After finding it, kill the Warlock who presides over the altar. Only then can everyone return to the world of the living. However, this Warlock is very likely to be the clone of six sea monsters, Skila. He must be very powerful. Everyone, make use of the time to rest and prepare for battle."

Da Fei was shocked. "Skila's clone? How strong is it?"

Renoir sighed. "I don't know. Skila is a demon god from the mythological era, so it's impossible for him to reveal his true form in front of mortals. In fact, all the gods we've seen are clones, but even if it's just clones, they're still existences that mortals can't match. However, at least one thing is certain. The battle just now will definitely consume a lot of the clones' strength, which makes it possible for us to defeat him, so the faster we find him, the better."

It felt good to have a knowledgeable navigator as a commentator! However, could Renoir's high fighting spirit be because of the power of the Fey God avatar?

Da Fei quickly said, "Understood, we'll take action immediately."