Chapter 198: Give Up The Radiance Wings

The ballista was firing, and the poisonous smoke was whistling in the air. The falling rocks created huge waves, and the smoke and dust on the surface of the water blurred Da Fei's vision. The remains of Specter Ship floated on the surface of the sea.

— System Message: Wings of Light sank a ghost battleship. You received 4,300 EXP.

— System Message: Wings of Light sank a ghost battleship. You received 4,300 EXP.

— System Message: You hit the Specter Warship and caused 457 damage! You sank a Specter Warship! You received + 30,000 EXP.

• • •

Rows and rows of system messages flooded the screen. Wings of Light was like a mad bull, charging forward and colliding with all the ghost ships that blocked its way. The price of colliding was that its durability would be greatly damaged. At this moment, poisonous smoke filled the air on Wings of Light, and golden lights were everywhere. Those were sailors who were repairing during the war, while Serbia was treating wounded and poisoned sailors.

This seemingly reckless tactic was currently the only tactic. At least, the catapults could not attack at close range. The eye-catching performance of the Radiance Wings also attracted all the attention of the enemy. This also allowed Da Fei's ship to be spared, allowing him to follow behind and take advantage of the situation.

The warship was indeed a warship. The super combat power it displayed allowed Da Fei to imagine how magnificent SV Fly would be in the future!

If 10 medium-sized ships could sink one large ship, did that mean that 1 large ship was equivalent to 10 medium-sized ships? That was obviously not the case! In actual combat, no large ship would be so stupid as to allow their small ships to gain an advantage in numbers.

In the history of naval warfare, the British understood the tactical significance of a warship the best. In World War II, when the Germans' giant warship, Beismar, went into the water, first sinking two British warships as sacrifices to the flag, and then prepared to sail aggressively into the Atlantic to impale the British supply line, the British were so frightened that they peed their pants! They had to concentrate two to three hundred small and medium destroyer corvettes, carriers, and hundreds of torpedoes before they could sink Beismar at the North Sea's entrance. It was conceivable that once they let Beismar out of the Atlantic, where would they find him in the vast sea? Even if they found him, what could they do to him? Just that pursuit and siege alone had burned hundreds of British fleets of oil!

The Wings of Light's escape reminded Da Fei of the famous battleship in the history of naval warfare.

Brother, can you break through?

Looking at the falling rocks bombarding the hull of the Radiance Wings, Da Fei felt uneasy. Why was there a Specter Ship ahead? When would this sea end?

At that moment Renoir finally spoke. "How did you get here, my friend?"

It was not a bad thing to have someone to talk to him while he was lost. And the way he addressed him had also changed from being an adventurer to a friend. This was something that made Da Fei even more excited.

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Captain, do you know about the Elven Kingdom's Elorin City's old Dragon Rider Chamber of Commerce? I've taken over this Chamber of Commerce."

Renoir said, "Oh, I see. This Chamber of Commerce is well-known in the seafaring industry. Today, I see that the rumors are true." Then, he sighed. "You really took over a wrong mission at the wrong time!"

Dafei said in surprise, "What do you mean?"

Renoir sighed. "This Chamber of Commerce is cursed by the Sea God. It's a mistake for you to take over. Even if you want to take over, you shouldn't have taken over when you're so weak. Even if you're weak, you shouldn't have gone to the outer seas!"

Didn't he just believe that he was awesome and wanted to give it a try? Could it be that he was really lacking in heart? Da Fei's heart sank. "This, is there any hope?"

Renoir shook his head. “Look behind the boat.”

Da Fei hurriedly ran to the window and looked out. He saw the destroyed Specter Ship slowly gathering again. Floating, a new Specter Ship was about to take shape!

Da Fei was shocked. "He's revived! He can't be killed!"

Renoir sighed and said, "That's right. The other party is using his endless life force to consume your limited life force. This should be the legendary unique skill of the Six-headed Sea Demon Skira, 'Dead Sea Maze'. If the weak you came alone, you might not have been able to force him to use such a powerful move, and you might have a chance to escape. But you just had to ask that big fellow in front to escort you, then I'm sorry, mortals can't reverse the situation!"

Da Fei was stunned on the spot! He really lost his mind!

Renoir sighed. "The only way now is to make him give up!"

Da Fei was stunned. "Make him give up? Baron Cortner? What do you mean?"

Renoir said calmly, "To be precise, I want him to give up his Wings of Radiance, which is to give me the certificate of his Wings of Radiance! Although this is a very rude request, there's no other way!"

Da Fei's jaw dropped. "Captain, what are you doing?"

Renoir sighed and said, "Of course it's to try transforming into a Specter Ship! Only an ownerless ship can be easily invaded. If it was originally my ship, then it should be easier to invade, right? And I'm a newbie in this area, so I can't make any mistakes. Once I fail, I won't have the strength, and I won't be able to do anything."

Da Fei was ecstatic. "So Captain has learned how to transform into a ghost ship! Can Captain transform into a ghost ship break this trap?"

Renoir shook his head. "I don't know, but I know that in this Death Region, only the undead can eliminate the undead! I need to eliminate the undead to strengthen myself!"

So that's how it is! The Undead grow by devouring the soul energy of other Undead! As long as they can survive, everything will be easy. The sparks of hope are ignited! Da Fei hurriedly called for the flagship. "Send my order to the flagship. I have a big move…"

• • •

At this moment, the cockpit of the Radiance Wings was a mess. There was a foul stench of corpse water and foul gas seeping in from the broken roof of the cockpit. The luxurious fragrance of the cockpit was gone.

Little Cortner, who had a bandage on his head, looked at the huge hole in the deck, at the endless ghost ship ahead, and his face turned ashen. He shivered and asked Katerina, who was at the helm, "Beautiful Miss Katerina, will our journey end here?"

Katerina looked ahead blankly and remained silent.

Little Cortner sighed and said, "It's great to be able to meet Miss Katerina at the last moment of my life. I wish I could study hard and bravely in the past…"

Katerina let out a long sigh. "Don't give up until the last moment. Captain must have a way."

Little Cortner let out a long sigh. "The new captain? I hope so."

At this moment, the messenger rushed in. "Captain, orders from the rear. There's a way to tide through this crisis…"

After hearing the Flagstaff's recount, Cortner's entire body shook, and he said with a furious expression, "Give up my Wings of Radiance? Turn into a Specter Ship! No! Absolutely not! This is an insult to my Cortner family! With the ship and the people around, the ship will be destroyed and the people will die. I'd rather die at the bottom of the sea with the Wings of Radiance!"

At this moment, the white fog in the cockpit shook, and the ghost-like Renoir appeared. "That's why you never understood the meaning of Voyager!"

Little Cortner suddenly drew his sword and stood in front of Katerina. "Who are you!"

Renoir sighed. "I am Renoir, who completed the exploration of the new world. I also know your grandfather."

Cortner shuddered. “Renoir, rumored to have died on the Isle of Miracles?”

Renoir sighed and said, "It's precisely because you don't understand Voyager that the modification of the Radiance Wings was so inappropriate. Not only did it lose the high speed and flexibility of an exploration ship, it also didn't have the firepower and strength of a real warship. There was also an unnecessary ball hall that further reduced the supply cabins. If your ship was fast enough, it wouldn't have been easily located by the sea demon Skira and fallen into the Sea of Death! This is all your fault!"

Cortner was shocked. “My fault?!”

Renoir said seriously, "Voyager is not a soldier who values honor as his life. Voyager's purpose is to achieve the ultimate survival of unscrupulous means in order to complete the mission. In order to survive, Voyager has to continuously endure thirst, even rotten food, rats, cockroaches, and everything that can survive. Even if the ship sinks, it has to lead the crew to carry wood and think of ways to float to the coast. Voyager has to be responsible for the life of the navy because they are the bravest people in the world. Now, it's time for you to really fulfill your duty as a captain. It's time for Voyager's duty. You can't make any mistakes!"

Cortner's body shook!

Katerina coughed and smiled charmingly. "Captain, this Mr. Phantom is right. As long as Captain successfully becomes a Voyager at all costs, that will be the glory of the Cortner family. Wealth will come rolling in. By then, it won't be a problem to build a few new ships."

Cortner regained his senses and said, "Yes, yes, yes! Miss Katerina is right!"