Chapter 191: Forming A Sailing Team

Junwen

Erolyn City Hall.

Da Fei sought an audience with Mayor Oseriman. "Sir, our Commerce Association has received the first request from Grand Duke Markal. If it is successful, it will be a good start. Therefore, not only must we not fail, we must do even better! And our Commerce Association is an established enterprise of Eloreen. During the revival phase, we urgently need your full support. So, Sir, I can only ask for your help."

Oseriman said, "Sir, you mean you want me to send a navy escort?"

There's such a good thing? Da Fei said happily, "It would be even better if that's the case! If the naval cargo hold is big enough, it would be best if you could help me carry some goods!"

Oseriman shook his head. "That's impossible! Unless your mission is related to the national security interests, the military will not take action. You can refer to the requirements of the Commerce Association."

As expected, there was no such thing. In other words, only an SS-rank mission with an Epic mission background could send an NPC out.

Oseriman continued, "Furthermore, the reputation of the Dragon Knight Commerce Association is too low, so it's impossible for them to have a mercenary fleet to escort them. Of course, you don't have the money to hire a mercenary fleet, so I really can't help you. You should believe in your own abilities."

As expected, the official route was not feasible. Da Fei hurriedly said, "Sir, can you help me look around? Who is willing to accompany me? I hope that there are seafarers or experienced fishermen in this city who will accompany me."

Oseriman chuckled and said, "Fire Dragon Island is a very dangerous place. As the mayor, I don't have the authority to put the citizens in danger. How about this, I'll give you the addresses of two people, and you can visit them yourself. Whether or not you can invite them will depend on your own ability. Of course, don't say that it's the address I gave you."

— System Message: You received information from Voyager Cortner.

— System Message: You received information on Whaler Spielberg.

Erolyn really has a Voyager! Speaking of which, didn't my Voyager skills have to be communicated with other Voyagers to learn skills?

Da Fei quickly said, "Thank you for your advice, Sir. Do you have any interests or hobbies? I can arrange some gifts for you."

Oseriman shook his head and smiled. "Of course, your hobby is sailing and whaling! I can give you a hint. There are very ferocious horned whales near Fire Dragon Island, and the horn of the horned whale is very valuable. However, this is definitely not something that Spielberg can deal with alone. If you promise to help, perhaps he will be willing to take a gamble. Alright, I'm going to the meeting. I wish you all the best!"

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Thank you, Sir."

Sigh, the mayor can only help me this much. After all, games are still games.

• • •

Da Fei left the City Hall and headed to the pier where Whaler Spielberg was located. Along the way, the players looked at Da Fei differently again. Needless to say, he had shocked quite a number of people just now in St. Paul. That's right, big ships bullied people, but people refused to accept it. Only the arena was a good weapon to subdue people with virtue!

Da Fei's message rang again. He took a look and saw the invincible soldier. "Brother Fei, we're farming Reputation points. We can't come and pick you up!"

En, not bad! He had to know how to suck up to someone, but the prerequisite was that he had to do it. Da Fei said in satisfaction, "Work hard!"

"Got it, Brother Fei!"

Da Fei found Spielberg's whaling ship at the loading dock of the fishing port. What the heck! Impressive, this size is not inferior to my SV Fly! That's right, if a small and medium-sized ship dares to go whaling, it's courting death. Whaling ships contain whales. Needless to say, the cabins are definitely big enough. It's definitely worth it to go there with full cargo.

However, the person driving the ship must be the same as me. He has a cool temper and is very arrogant. I'm afraid it won't be easy to talk to him. The ship is doing a big business. I probably can't persuade him with money. Besides, I don't have much money. What should I do?

Da Fei looked at the whaling ship in a daze while thinking of a countermeasure. A whaling crossfish cannon appeared in front of Da Fei! Da Fei's eyebrows jumped!

This fish cannon was actually a ballista, right? The difference was that it fired a harpoon tied with a rope!

Holy f*ck! This should be a special ballista, right? And whales are sea monsters, so isn't this fish cannon the nemesis of sea monsters? The key is that the gun position is very modern, it's at the bow of the ship! It's not like SV Fly, an old-fashioned sailing ship, whose gun positions are all on the side of the ship. If you want to blast someone, you have to turn sideways! This is the unique point of a whaling ship!

As a high-end player, Da Fei's imagination ran wild when he saw the new ship cannon. In short, no matter what, he had to trick him into going on the road. Then, he had to find a way to build a good relationship with the new ship cannon!

Under the guidance of the Sears, Da Fei found a bearded, burly Spielberg in the tavern. He was a human NPC.

"Looking for me?" Spielberg was drunk and indifferent. Clearly, he did not feel any joy from meeting his fellow humans in his hometown.

Da Fei went straight to the point. "That's right. I've heard that you're a famous person in the city. I'd like to invite you to accompany me to Fire Dragon Island. The Horned Whale there will definitely be very interested."

Spielberg smiled coldly. "I'm interested, but why should I go with you?"

Da Fei hurriedly said, "I can help you catch whales. I think you will definitely need help too."

Spielberg said scornfully, "How can you help me, little friend?"

Hey, hey, hey, I'm a warrior who returned victorious! I'll let you see my goods!

Da Fei took out the War Machine Skill Book. "I'm a Grandmaster War Machine Master. I can fire two Ballistas at the same time!" After saying that, he slapped the book and golden light flashed!

— System Message: You spent a Skill Point and learned the sub-skill "Mechanical Reinforcement" of the Grandmaster War Machine.

— Mechanical Reinforcement: Improve the location of a war machine. Learning Prerequisite: Grandmaster-level war machine learning.

Spielberg was indeed stunned. "You actually know a Grandmaster Ballista at such a young age!"

Oh? Ballistas are indeed the most difficult to master? Da Fei chuckled. "Although its power is still not as strong as yours, I'm confident that it's much stronger than ordinary gunners. It won't be a problem for me to work in your gun cabin. Also, I have a God-level Reconnaissance Skill that can easily help you find your target!"

"God-grade Reconnaissance Skill!" Spielberg's eyes widened!

"Oh right!" Da Fei thought of something. He took out the new telescope crossbow paper rewarded by the System when he successfully trained the Banshee. "Maybe I can help you improve the fish cannon. It will be more accurate to catch whales!"

Actually, the so-called new Ballista was just a pair of binoculars in the assembly part of an ordinary Ballista. Of course, only the System with the blueprint would recognize it. The reason why Da Fei suggested modifying the Fish Cannon was naturally to try and see if he could take the opportunity to obtain the manufacturing method of the Fish Cannon.

Spielberg suddenly stood up, patted Da Fei's shoulder, and laughed. "As expected of the most famous young man in the city. You're indeed capable. Tell me, what do you need my help with?"

Oh yeah! Half done! Da Fei laughed and said, "It's very simple. I want to borrow your big cabin to transport a batch of goods to Fire Dragon Island!"

Spielberg laughed and said, "No problem. Since it's an empty cabin when we set off, I'll help you fill it up! Then let's hurry up and set off. Fire Dragon Island just happened to be unsealed, so we can't go late."

Oh yeah! All done! If he took care of the first one, would the second one be far away?

Da Fei laughed and said, "Thank you, Sir. In order to make sure our mission is stable, I would like to invite the navigator from our city, Cortner, to set off together. Can you accompany me to invite him?" Humph, with another heavyweight accompanying him, the difficulty of inviting him would be greatly reduced.

Spielberg laughed. "Let's go. I want to see him too. Let's go together."

Da Fei felt emotional. After all, he was a human from another country. As long as he was familiar with them, they would be easy to talk to. F*ck, they had to be easy to talk to. Who was he? Markal's big shot and the fat officer were all fawning over him.

• • •

Da Fei and the others followed the address and found a luxurious manor outside Cortner City. Damn, Voyagers were indeed rich!

Under the guidance of a servant, a skinny old elf met the two of them. "I am Cortner. You are Mr. Da Fei, who is very famous in the city, right?"

Aiyaya, my fame has already spread outside the city! Da Fei laughed and said, "I am. Greetings, Senior!"

Cortner laughed. “It’s been hundreds of years, and the Alliance has never had an outstanding man as young as you. I admire you very much. I have a little insight, and I hope to be of assistance to you.”

— System Message: Voyager Cortner has given you "The Study of Wave Resistance Skill"! You will learn Wave Resistance Skill after spending one Skill Point.

— Wave Resistance Skill: Voyager sub-skill. Excellent Voyager can not only reduce the damage dealt to ships by the giant *, but can also use the giant * to further increase the ship's speed.

F*ck, I'm giving him a skill! This is the communication between Voyager! I've decided to use my connections to find Voyager!

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Thank you, Senior!"

Cortner shook his head and smiled. "I understand your intentions, but I'm too old to go out to sea!"

"Ah?" Da Fei was stunned.

Cortner continued to smile. “But I have a presumptuous request. Can you take my grandson out to sea, sir? He’s a novice. As much as I’d love to teach him by hand, I’m too old for that.”

And a grandson! Not a granddaughter? Damn, it can't be a ship, right? I want a ship, not someone who can eat with the ship! Da Fei coughed and said, "This, do you have a big ship?"

Cortner smiled bitterly. "Such a dangerous place has to be given to a big ship. A good ship can make up for his lack of skills."

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Good, good! It's good to have a big ship!" As expected of the second generation of ships, their starting point was different. No, it was the third generation of ships, wahahaha!

— System Message: You have received the mission 'Training Voyager Little Cortner'! You have received 10,000 gold coins from Cortner.

— Mission Hint: Train Little Cortner to become an official Voyager. Little Cortner cannot die. Note: Once the mission fails, your reputation in Erolyn will be reduced to "untrustworthy"!

Ah! Trainee Voyager! Damn it, he really can't be richer than three generations. He arranged for me to be a burden! Fine! Anyway, this trip is also to train Anlicia. For the sake of the old man's 10,000 gold coins, I'll buy one and get one free. I'll train all of them. Coincidentally, I was also worried that there would be too much cargo on the ship and I wouldn't be able to keep up my act.

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']