Chapter 200: Test Of Friendship And Future

() Next, it was time to search for the Sea Demon Altar. Katerina remained on the Specter Ship to pilot, while Serbia continued to treat the wounded. Da Fei returned to his own ship and continued following them.

Renoir, who had transformed into the shape of a ship, announced, "Follow me closely. I sense a wave of will hidden somewhere in this sea. It must be Skila! Legend has it that it has six heads. A dog's head can let out a howl that causes one to tremble in fear and be unable to move. A beautiful female head can sing a song that confuses one's mind. There are also four sea snake heads with different abilities. They spit out fog, venom, lightning, and ice. Now that its strength is obviously weakened, we have to hurry! Under the silver moon of the Sea of Death, its strength will quickly recover."

Not bad, he could feel the fluctuations of willpower. This was the high-level Undead power of a Lich! This was much more impressive than the so-called Godly Reconnaissance Skill bunkers. One had entered the wireless era while the other was still an observational era. They were really not on the same level. Undead creatures were indeed heaven-defying!

Actually, Da Fei still had many things that he was very interested in but did not have the time to ask. For example, what could the sex of this Specter Ship be like? What was the principle behind creating Specter Ship? Was Specter Ship a ship or a ghost? If it was a ship, then the most important question was, who should this Specter Ship belong to?

Cortner handed over the ship certificate, so it definitely could not be counted as his. However, Renoir and Da Fei were just good friends. This ship did not belong to Da Fei. Or rather, it did not belong to anyone. This ship belonged to Renoir himself. This was an Undead who used a ship as a body. Was there no difference between him and other Undead who used a skeleton as a body? So no one should have any improper thoughts about him?

A thin layer of fog appeared on the surface of the sea again. It was coming!

Da Fei shook his head and decided not to dwell on this matter anymore. After all, Renoir had given Da Fei a large ship to build his fortune. It was reasonable for Da Fei to return a ship to him generously now. Furthermore, it would probably be difficult to get a large ship from the pissy system. It did not matter. Just based on his relationship with Renoir, even if it was not his, it was no different from his. Humph!

Renoir spoke again. "We're in trouble. Skila has started to stop us. The purpose of him using the fog now is obviously to trap us and buy time for him to recover his strength. We have to break through the fog and find him quickly!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "Isn't Captain able to sense its will?"

Renoir sighed. "This whole fog is its will."

Yes, there was finally a time when high-tech technology was useless. It was time for my low-tech technology to appear.

Da Fei hurriedly called for Alicia. "Didn't you say that you can easily break all kinds of illusions? Can this fog be done?"

Alicia smiled scornfully. "Fog is the lowest level!"

With that, he pulled out a backpack. Then he pulled out a large lump of something that was surrounded by buzzing black dots. A beehive!

Da Fei retreated in shock. "How do you have such a thing!"

Alicia snorted. "This is the Amazon Queen Bee that is resistant to poison and cold. Their honey is the best facial mask!"

Looking at the bees flying around the cabin, Da Fei waved his hands in shock. "Okay, okay, okay. Hurry up and point the way!"

"I'll let you know my power!" Alicia walked out of the cabin smugly. The beehive shook, and the bees immediately flew out in all directions.

What the heck! This is a biological weapon! Her talent as the Queen of Wasps is not only magic, but also very meaningful!

Alicia said proudly, "Wait for the news!"

Da Fei nodded in surprise! She was indeed an Epic Hero. No matter how weak her combat power and skills were, her usefulness at critical moments could not be compared to the so-called top-notch heroes in the tavern. Furthermore, her combat power was not weak either. At least, her Wyvern Leather Armor was not ordinary. It showed off her noble temperament! As expected of my wife, wahahaha!

That was why one had to have good taste when playing games. What was good taste? It didn't mean that one had high combat power and good equipment. Of course, this was also good taste, but it wasn't good enough, it wasn't high-end enough! The so-called good taste should be something like Brother Xiang, who could solve any problem in any environment! Although there was also luck, luck was also strength!

Speaking of which, my taste level is still lacking by one! What's the difference? Clearly, I'm lacking an Epic beauty sub-hero who focuses on destroying magic! Although both Serbia and Deirdre can learn it, talent is not a destructive ability after all. There are still many regrets.

Sigh, this is such a complicated question! Do I have to go to the Magus Academy? But most of the girls there are Genie or Elementalists, right? My taste isn't that strong!

Just as he was feeling conflicted, good news came!

"Found it!" Alicia pointed in the direction of the mist.

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Haha! Good! Good!"

Renoir, who had been silent all this while, suddenly spoke. "Not bad! Miss's skills are indeed extraordinary! I'll adjust the direction immediately."

Da Fei laughed and said, "So Captain has been watching!"

Renoir chuckled and said, "You found a very impressive subordinate. In the future, we will definitely succeed!"

Wahahaha! I'm relieved to hear that! For the sake of our rebellion, help me run a business!

The fleet dodged the reefs in the fog and moved quickly towards the target. Obviously, Renoir's Reconnaissance Skill level was not low either. This was the strength of a Voyager-class ghost ship. An ordinary Fog reef combination was child's play. If he recovered to become a hero, how strong would he be?

A melodious song came from the fog.

Renoir said in a low voice, "It's the Song of the Sea Demons! Everyone, cover your ears and stay calm. Don't be bewitched by any sound!"

At this moment, a heavy piano sound rang out. Cortner shouted, “Leave it to me! Use my piano to resist the siren’s song!”

An impassioned piano sound rang out, and everyone's hearts seemed to be beating along with the rhythm of the heavy piano keys!

Not bad! This guy can finally be useful! It's best to take this opportunity to level up so that I don't have to look for sea demons to be his sparring partners.

Renoir said excitedly, "Very good! Our fleet is indeed full of talents! The sea demons are right in front of us. Everyone, prepare for battle!"

A dozen huge red lanterns appeared in the fog. Da Fei's screen flashed red!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill alert! Strong enemies are hiding in the fog, please be alert.

Da Fei was shocked. These must be the dozen or so eyes of the six Sea Demons. From the extent of their movements, the size of the Sea Demons was shocking! Could a ship fight them?

His powerful voice resounded through the sea and sky once again. "Mortal, you have broken through all my barriers and finally arrived in front of me. You have displayed extraordinary abilities. I admire you very much. Join me. If you do, you will be joining the Sea God! This is more glorious than any kingdom in the mortal world!"

— System Message: Marine Skira invites you to join the hidden faction, the Poseidon Shrine. Do you accept?

— Sea Goddess Hall: The religious organization that worships the Sea God is usually composed of sea demons, mermaids, and Nagas. There are also mortals from the Surface World. Those who join the Sea Goddess Hall will receive the protection of the Sea God. It can greatly increase the production of fish, the speed of sailing, and the combat power of the sea.

— System Message: The Poseidon Shrine does not have conflicts with the various churches. Players joining the Poseidon Shrine will not affect the reputation of the Surface World.

Da Fei's whole body shook. Recruiting people right in front of him!! What the heck, this was not empty talk! There was even a system notification. This was a complete success! This hidden faction seemed to be very awesome! It seemed to have all the benefits and no harm! If he joined the Sea Goddess Hall, would the curse of the Chamber of Commerce be canceled? Even if it was not canceled, at most, he would not want this lousy Chamber of Commerce anymore. He would start another business. People like him who relied on the sea to make a living needed such an organization!

Renoir said coldly, "What if I don't want to?"

Da Fei was stunned. Hey, hey, hey! Big Brother, why are you unwilling?

The powerful voice sneered. "Is that so? Then I'll wait for the answer from this young adventurer! Young adventurer, joining the Poseidon Shrine is the dream of many sailors and fishermen. I'll give you ten seconds before I change my mind! Don't forget, you're my enemy!"

— System Message: Do you wish to join the Poseidon Shrine? Please make your choice 10 seconds later. If you do not choose, it will be considered as giving up.

F*ck! This was turning hostility into friendship! There wouldn't be such a store after this!

Da Fei asked in surprise, "Captain, why didn't you join the Sea Goddess Hall?"

Renoir said coldly, "Friend, I can vouch for you that the Sea Goddess Hall is definitely an unattainable dream for sailors. When I was alive, I was also looking forward to joining the Sea Goddess Hall. Joining the Sea Goddess Hall means that your future is limitless! You decide your own future."

Skilla laughed heartily. "That's right, joining the Poseidon Shrine means that your future is limitless! You still have three seconds!"

Da Fei was stunned! What kind of show was this? Why did Renoir recommend him instead of joining? This kind of system notification would definitely not be f*cked up, right? If he joined, it would mean that he was going against Renoir?

The last second!

Da Fei gritted his teeth and made the most unwise decision that did not suit his sexual orientation: refuse to join!

Skila was furious. "Mortal, you don't know how to appreciate favors!"

Renoir was also surprised. "Why did you give up such a good future?"

Da Fei smiled bitterly and said, "I don't think I'm a loyal person who would give up my future for a friend. But I'm definitely not the kind of person who would turn against a friend for the sake of his future."

Renoir said solemnly, "Very good! Our friendship has endured the test. Actually, my goal is very simple. As long as I defeat it while it is weak, I can be promoted to a hero again and become an immortal existence!"

Da Fei finally understood. His thoughts were the same as Deirdre's! Compared to Immortal, joining the church was nothing! However, Big Bro, your test of friendship has really shattered my balls, hasn't it? My future! You ran all the way to business and returned it to me!

Skila laughed wildly. "Defeat me? Dream on! Your friendship game ends here!"