Chapter 9: Toxic Sea Anemone King

Da Fei kept moving forward along the red-framed map. He didn't need to look around. A giant skeleton in the sand in front of the retreating beach had already betrayed him! After all, this was the only unique scenery on the beach!

Da Fei got closer. Not only did he see the skeleton that looked like a giant whale, but he also saw a few barrels in the sand near the skeletons. Did these barrels fall from the ship?

If the whale's death had something to do with this boss, how powerful was it? He probably couldn't beat it, but he just needed to get information on the boss. The more unknown a creature was, the less information they had, but if people knew of its existence, they'd gain a lot of fame!

So, even if he died, he'd be worth something! This Reconnaissance Skill was worth it! Where was the boss? Where was it hiding? Inside the whale's skull? Or in the sand?

Da Fei circled behind the whale's skull, feeling nervous and excited. As he advanced, he stabbed the sand in front of him with his gun. The red dots on Da Fei's map flickered even more frequently! The boss was right in front of him!

Close! There was nothing inside the giant skull. Was it in the sand?

Da Fei took a deep breath and took another nervous step forward.

— System Message: Scouting! Reconnaissance Skill detected the presence of a hidden enemy!

What the heck! Da Fei was shocked. Without thinking, he turned and ran! There was a loud noise behind him, and a strong gust of wind with a foul smell blew past his head! The flying sand splattered all over the ground! A huge "missed" appeared on his head!

Da Fei finally realized what was happening! Why was he running? Wasn't he here to get information? He turned around and was stunned!

Tentacles! Tens of thick and long sea anemone tentacles crawled out of the sand! It was a sea anemone boss! It was because he had used Reconnaissance Skill earlier and reacted quickly enough that he barely dodged the attack! Medium-level Reconnaissance Skill had a chance of dodging attacks, as well as character running.

Looking at the dozen giant tentacles dancing in the sand, Da Fei shook his head in shock.

The boss was a boss indeed! The tentacle was twice the length of his spear. He couldn't fight it anymore! Too bad he was a spearman. If only he was an archer! He'd have to die and get some information.

Wait! Even an archer couldn't do it! How could the system send an archer player to this deserted island? Who could buy arrows? Pick them up at the cabin? The cabin couldn't even kill the Godly Hero who leveled up! How many levels could a newbie archer bring?

This meant the boss was for melee players!

With this thought, Da Fei looked at the giant whale skull next to the tentacle!

As an expert, he had to understand that bosses were meant for players to kill. Bosses that didn't look like they could be killed head-on had to be pushed in other ways! Making use of the terrain was an invulnerable strategy in any game!

Da Fei carefully observed the skull. The more he looked at it, the more it looked like a fortress. The eye socket was a hole! That was to say, if he hid inside the skull and tried to assassinate the target from the eye socket… yes! This was the trick! If he couldn't even defeat the target like this, he wouldn't have a chance in an open space! However, if I could stab the target from the eye socket, its tentacles could also come in from outside the eye socket! Then, he'd have to dodge to the side. If its tentacles could turn, he'd have no chance!

Anyway, he was here to die, so he didn't feel pressured! The more time he spent with the monster, the better the chance he'd have to gather more information!

However, there was a big problem. It was impossible for him to get inside the skull now. The tentacle was so long, it would definitely hit him! Charge inside the tentacle? F*ck! Don't even think about it. I'm just a fragile pikeman. I don't even dare to touch an ordinary Sea Anemone. How dare I let the boss fight me? How did the whale die?

He had to wait! The boss must have a reason for digging in the ground. There were no puddles here, so he probably wasn't used to being exposed.

Da Fei ran further away and killed more than 20 Sea Anemones to gain some experience. Then, he ran back to check. Hehe, he was hiding again! This was the moment he was waiting for!

Da Fei crept behind the skull and chose the best angle. At this angle, the whale's raised ribs could block the tentacle's sweep. There was almost no chance of dodging the sweep, but the tentacle could!

One step, two steps, he was almost within attack range! Da Fei bent down and took a deep breath! It was like a spring waiting to spring!

— System Message: Scouting! Reconnaissance Skill detected the presence of a hidden enemy!

Charge!!! In that instant, Da Fei shot out with the Pikeman's maximum speed of 10 meters per second!

Poof!!! The sand from the ground came flying at him. A black shadow shot out from the ground! In that instant, Da Fei's heart leaped to his throat!

There was no winning strategy in the world. Luck was always the most unpredictable element in strategy! The stronger side tried to minimize luck, while the weaker side could only rely on luck!

He had already done all the objective things he could do: pre-arranging sperm, pre-arranging exercises, and making use of the terrain. The rest was up to fate! If he wasn't lucky? Hehe, it'd be easy. He just had to start over from the dead. There shouldn't be too much pressure in the game!

— Whoosh! Sand Strike! A smelly wind brushed past his ear! It missed!

Oh yeah!! Attack successful!

— Plop! Da Fei dove into the whale's skull. He waited excitedly and nervously for the second wave of attacks! If the tentacle could turn, he'd have no chance at all. He'd have to take the points and leave!

After waiting for a while, the second wave of attacks didn't arrive. Was there a chance? Da Fei slowly stood up excitedly and carefully peered out of the skull's eye socket—Whoosh! A dark shadow flashed in front of him!

Da Fei, who was prepared for this, shrunk back in fright.

— Boom! It missed! A disgusting green tentacle as thick as a thigh with pimples all over its body shot out of the skull's eye socket and slammed into the inside of the skull! The entire skull shook!

The power shocked Da Fei! This attack could kill a Knight instantly, right? This was not a monster he could fight head-on!

Crack! The tentacle fell to the ground like a dead snake after hitting the wall! Then, it started wriggling toward where Da Fei was hiding.

Wow! He knew how to turn! Fight?

"Ah-ah-ah!" Da Fei stabbed the tentacle with his gun. "-6!!"

— System Message: You have obtained the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King's incomplete information card!

I got an information card! I can die without regrets!

But he didn't have time to look at the information card, nor did he have time to think about how he could deal twice the maximum damage. Facing the disgusting tentacle squirming toward him, Da Fei was like a hysterical woman hitting a cockroach. He stabbed the tentacle and screamed incoherently, "Ah, za za za—"

— "-6!" "-6!" "-6!"

With every hit, the tentacle would jump like a struggling earthworm being sliced in half. It wasn't as powerful as the previous attack! Even its weak struggles weren't enough to stop Da Fei, who held the spear. The special skill of a long weapon was still effective!

Finally, after leaving a pool of green liquid, the tentacle, which had been pierced into pieces, retreated from the eye socket.

Great! Great! Wahahaha! Da Fei quickly checked the information card.

— Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King:

Creature Type: Large Plant

Attack:?

Defense:?

Damage:?

Health:?

Attack Speed: 1, very, very slow.

Movement Speed: 0

Special skill: Bullet attack??

Item drop: "?"

Experience:?…

Its special skill was Bullet Blast!!! The Hell Race's Sharp Level 2 Soldier, Howling Horned Devil, was also known as the Jumping Devil skill by Beta Gamers.

— Howling Horned Devil: Attack 3, Defense 2, Health 13, Damage 1-4, Attack Speed 8, Movement Speed 5, Special Skill: Bullet Attack, Enrage.

Howling Horned Demons lived on the islands of the Infernal Lava Sea. Although they moved slowly, they could jump as fast as flying soldiers and travel on the hot Lava Island. As a result, they had a bullet attack power that no powerful demon dared to underestimate.

— Bullet Attack: Howling-Horned Devil could use its incredible jumping power to shoot its body as a cannonball to the farthest corner of the battlefield, even inside the city wall. The farther the bullet traveled, the higher the damage when it landed. However, its high-speed movement would also bring a reduction in hit-rate. At the same time, when it landed, it would be in a completely armor-piercing weak state, receiving double the damage. Using Bullet Attack repeatedly, the armor-piercing weakness would be more severe, and the damage received would increase exponentially.

The Howling Horned Devil, a level-two soldier, was one of the most feared low-level mobs by players on other missions. Of course, the hellish army was a pain in the ass. Its projectile attacks could deal two or three times as much damage as its own body, so it was hard to be unscathed against it. Many high-level soldiers couldn't escape its attacks. It was the most valuable cannon fodder suicide soldier!

Da Fei finally understood! No wonder he could deal 6 points of damage with 1-3!

This meant that the Sea Anemone King's attack speed was very low as a plant monster, and it relied on its fast-paced special skill Tentacles to attack. How could its attack speed be low? It was so low that it only had 1 attack! This meant that if a player attacked 10 times, it would only attack once! That was why the Sea Anemone King couldn't fight back even when it was about to be killed!

Of course, Attack Speed 1 probably meant one tentacle was 1, but it had more than 10 tentacles, so there was no problem with Attack Speed. But it was different now. He was hiding inside the skull, so only one tentacle could attack him!

So that's how it is! The projectile attack didn't hit very well, and I was dodging with all my might. I'll try to break them one by one!

Da Fei took a deep breath and put his head near the skull's eye socket again. This was the most critical and dangerous part of the strategy!

Successful once might not be hard, but it was hard to succeed more than 10 times in a row! But for Da Fei, a veteran construction worker who'd done many high-altitude renovations before, it wasn't hard to make a safe production once, and it wasn't hard to make a dozen times in a row!