Chapter 6: Blood Sea Studio

Shumilouco

The deserted island sank. As the last Skeleton Warrior on the deck fell, with a flash of golden light, Raging Sea of Blood reached Level 4. As expected, he learned Attack Skill "War Maniac."

— War Maniac: Increases the basic lethality of the Hero and the Hero troops by 1 point, which is very helpful for low-level soldiers. Learning requires mastering Advanced Attack Skill.

By now, Raging Sea of Blood's character had been playing the game for one day and one night. In real life, he had been playing for 24 hours. He was exhausted and needed to rest. Raging Sea of Blood was happy with his current leveling speed.

Being on an isolated island, there were no beginner missions, no beginner dungeons, and no recruitment points, so the leveling speed wasn't as fast as ordinary players who already had a few rewards. However, this was the price a super account had to pay for surviving in a dangerous place!

However, it was different after learning War Maniac. Basic Damage increased from 2-5 to 3-6 at birth, then to level 5. The system would reward one Basic Damage point every 5 levels, which would increase to 4-7, plus 6 Attacks to offset the disgusting Shield-Armored Skeleton's 6 Defense points. The Expert Attack Skill increased the Damage by 40%, and the lowest damage would be 5 Health Points higher than the Skeleton Warrior's, so he could kill one monster at a time. He could kill more monsters later. Especially for Shield Specialists, who had 8 Defense points at birth and 20 Health Points, he could level up without any worries. He could level up all the way to the bottom of the ship!

If there was anything he wasn't happy with, it was that he came from a humble background. He was just a level-three soldier, which was a little embarrassing! All accounts valued at one million US dollars came from level-four soldiers. For example, the Griffin Breeder from the Star Team, who was born with a level-four air force griffin, who had fast attack speed and could dive down low, was a long-range monster that ordinary players didn't dare to touch. It was easy to develop.

In the Hero Genesis, various types of soldiers were divided into eight levels. Level 0 soldiers were the Militia, the Reserve Soldiers, such as the Humans, the Elves, the Flower Goblins, the Dwarf Miners, the Infant Demons of Hell, the Skeletons of the Undead, and the Goblins of the Orc Race. Their lives were so fragile that they couldn't be used by players. Their main purpose was production, as well as defending the city at crucial moments. The speed of development of a castle depended on the number of level 0 soldiers.

Level 1, 2, and 3 soldiers were all regular troops. Normal players could hire them in the main city if they had enough leadership and tactical space. Level 4 soldiers were the requirement for high-level troops. They had to do all sorts of difficult missions to gain fame.

Starting with a level-four soldier, the army would have Mana Resistance, and they could cast spells. For example, the archmages of the Neutral Forces, the Druids of the Elves, the Pets of the Hells, the Vampires of the Undead, the Melee Eccentrics of the Orcs, the Runemasters of the Dwarfs, etc., were the backbone of a race. Not only did they have powerful combat power, but they also had the auxiliary role, or the whole army would lose their combat power. This was especially evident in the Undead and Humans.

The Undead army was generally slow, while the Vampires' speed was exceptional. They had already started fighting, and the rest of the army had yet to catch up. They were now fighting alone. If they advanced and retreated with the rest of the army, it would be equivalent to crippling their own kung fu and losing their advantage in speed. So, whether the Undead played well or not depended on whether the Vampires played well. This was the divide between the Undead experts and the low-level ones.

Similarly, the issue with the Human-System Sanctuary was whether to charge or not. It was a dilemma!

Players could build their own castles in the New World, or they could get various types of soldiers, which were soldiers' bases, to train their own unique type of soldiers. Especially the Undead, they had all sorts of strange Undead creatures. But no matter how they were trained and developed, they had to be able to cooperate with the majority of the army. Otherwise, it was better to recruit the main type of soldiers in the main city of the system. At the very least, it was convenient to replenish the main type of soldiers.

For Raging Sea of Blood, he had already planned his own development, as well as the development of the New World. He wanted to build an impregnable island fortress in the New World, and develop his own unique sea army. Although he wasn't born into a high-end shieldman, he was the most suitable for fighting seafaring on narrow boats. Level 1 pikemen, Level 4 griffins, and level 6 cavalrymen couldn't fight seafaring on narrow boats. He needed to replace them. Then, he could dominate the seas of the two worlds. Only by dominating the seas would he truly dominate the world!

In fact, Raging Sea of Blood was a sea battle fanatic. In order to get a sea battle specialty, he bought more than 200 machines and played more than 200 times! This was why he didn't enter the game until three days after going public.

It had to be said that Raging Sea of Blood was still very lucky. At the 200th attempt, he finally got the "God-level" talent of a Marine Admiral! If he couldn't get any, he'd have to buy it at a high price on the market. As for selling his account after he got bored of killing people, he was just scaring Da Fei, saying he wasn't afraid of anything.

As for the 200-plus machines he bought, how should he deal with them? He decided to open a studio. The machines weren't expensive, but buying so many of them took a lot of effort.

Raging Sea of Blood called his good friend. "Shaodong, what are you doing?"

The person on the other end of the line said angrily, "What else can I do? I have a f*cking life."

Raging Sea of Blood chuckled. "Haven't you had enough? I want to open a game studio. Let's work together!"

Shao Dong was surprised. "Game studio? Are you kidding me? We don't need money!"

Raging Sea of Blood chuckled. "We're just playing games. We just need to use the name of the studio to make it sound nicer. If those old people knew, they'd think we were doing something important."

Shaodong laughed. "You're right. What game?"

Raging Sea of Blood nodded. "The most popular one! Ask Brother Tian and Young Master Ma to come and play too. Ask them to stop racing. The whole street is filled with rental cars. Any one of them is a bomb. If they play themselves to death, they won't be able to ride."

Shaodong laughed. "Do you want me to bring a bunch of thugs over? We can hang out together?"

Raging Sea of Blood said angrily, "Female players are the worst. Don't be stupid!"

Shaodong laughed. "Don't worry. I'm so stupid I don't want to f*ck! What's the name of the studio?"

Raging Sea of Blood answered without hesitation, "Blood Sea Studio!"

• • •

After contacting his rich friends, Raging Sea of Blood felt even happier.

The only unpleasant thing was that there was a new fish on the island! It was as uncomfortable as having sand in your eyes.

That was why Raging Sea of Blood couldn't kill all the monsters in the game. He had to watch out for the trash. He seemed to have died many times during the day. Ah! Trash was trash. How could trash survive here? But where was the trash now?

Raging Sea of Blood looked around, but there was no sign of him. Then, he checked under the railing. He was still not there! Where did he go? Couldn't hang out anymore? He went offline!

Suddenly, Raging Sea of Blood thought of something. He didn't have enough food! Food was fine, he could catch fish and prawns, but what about water?

Raging Sea of Blood saw the few coconut trees on the island. That must be the water. He rushed onto the island to pick some fruits.

— System Message: The fruit has been harvested. Please wait for the next batch of fruits to ripen in 29 days.

F*ck! Raging Sea of Blood kicked him fiercely. "When this trash is online, I'll kill him!"

As for lowering Reputation? He could just be a pirate! If he was a pirate, he could rob NPC merchant ships! His Negative Reputation would increase faster than anything else! Of course, if he did it alone, he couldn't be a pirate right from the start, but now that his brothers were all here, he could do it.

"Yes."