Chapter 2: The Choice Of Fate

Da Fei returned to the dorm with the big suitcase. He carefully built the machine step by step according to the instructions, connected the backup power, connected the holographic helmet, then took a shower and smoked a cigarette—every time before buying a lottery ticket, Da Fei would burn incense, bathe, and pray. This was the start of Da Fei's new class, so he needed to pay more attention to it!

He'd bought lottery tickets for so many years, but he'd never won. His luck must have skyrocketed, right? As the saying goes, the tree moves the dead, the man moves the living. It was time for his luck to explode, right? This time, even if he couldn't win 10 million USD for a Godly Hero, he could win a Hero with a few thousand yuan! He really didn't ask for much. He just needed to save the 1000 yuan he earned from the lucky draw.

In the game, the top 10 levels were for rookies. They ran errands in the city and did missions, improving steadily with the help of a few low-level troops rewarded with easy missions. The random lucky draw, however, was different. The places they were born in were usually very remote or even bad. It was okay. He was mentally prepared.

12: 12: 12 a.m. The auspicious time had arrived!

Enter the game!

— System Message: Great hero, welcome to the China server's Hero Continent. Please register your name!

The Hero Genesis was divided into seven service districts in North America, the European Union, Russia, India, China, Japan, and South Korea. Each service district was called the Hero Continent. Other than the different maps, players in each service district mostly played the same game. Then, the seven service districts connected to a super-service district, the New World! Players from all countries could meet here. The New World was also known as the National Battle Zone, the most exciting place for players in the Hero Genesis!

The official promotional image was very simple. It was a giant planet similar to Earth surrounded by seven much smaller Earths. These seven small Earths had seven service areas, and the larger Earth in the middle was the New World. Hero Genesis's goal was of course to colonize the New World with the seven old worlds.

— Name: Da Fei!

— System Message: Name is valid! Registration successful! There are three Light Factions in the Hero Continent: Holy Church, Spirit, Dwarf, Undead, Orc, and Demon, as well as the Neutral Faction of the Mage College, which is not available under normal circumstances. Every newborn hero can choose their own Hero-level talent and an Initial Hero-level skill. Please choose your own Race and Hero-level skills! Or pick the lottery!

— Random lucky draw!

Players could pick skills they couldn't afford! This was what he was fighting for!

— System Message: Hero! Are you sure you want to hand over your fate to the gods?

I'm sure! My life is in my hands!

— System Message: Hero! Please wait for the choice of fate!

A white light flashed in front of his eyes. An image of a tall, handsome man with thick eyebrows and big eyes holding a wooden gun appeared! Alright, that was the system's allocation of male humans according to their actual age! Da Fei eagerly opened the attribute panel. His respiration stopped!

An icon he'd never seen before! Not a popular Cabbage skill!

What's this weird walking icon? Is it a nautical skill? Da Fei had a bad feeling and quickly checked!

— Storm Voyager: The safety of the Heroes' fleet during a bad storm is increased. (Note: The premise is that the Heroes need a large Gaylen sailing ship with good resistance to waves. A large Gaylen sailing ship requires a Heroes to have some reputation before they can be purchased at the shipyard.)

Dafei was stunned!

It wasn't that fighting skills couldn't be sold for money! If he had a random generalized low-level military skill, a public skill, or a management skill, he could do whatever he wanted. The problem was, why did he need a Gaylen Sailing skill? How much did a ship like this cost? Reputation points? Most importantly, did he want a storm or not? This was a damage control skill, not a gain skill. Was he trying to mess with him?

— System Message: Choosing Heroes' Specialty has been completed. Please use the remaining 1 Skill Point to pick Heroes' Skills. For your initial development, it is recommended that Heroes' first skill match your Heroes' Specialty!

Da Fei finally came back to his senses and sighed deeply! This was God's will! God's will had arranged for him to run the ship in the game and earn money! His specialty saved the ship from the threat of the storm. The rest of the pirate Naga would have to do!

That's right. He wasn't young anymore. He didn't have time to fight with kids anymore. Making money was the way to go! Without hesitation, Da Fei chose a skill given by the system—Nautical Skill!

— System Message: You have received a Nautical Skill Skill Book from the system! After you receive Skill Points, you can use the Skill Book to increase your Nautical Skill level, or learn the Nautical Skill Branch Skill recorded in the book.

— System Message: You learned Elementary Nautical Skill!

— Elementary Nautical Skill: The hero's ship's speed at sea increased by 20%.

Now, Da Fei's personal attributes were:

Player Level: 1

Class: Pikeman (Ordinary Form of Level 1 Holy Church Soldier, Special Skill: Long-Armament, Long-Armor Array), Level 1 Explorer (In the game, hero skills are classified as Explorers, Army Commander, Overlord, and Scholar. Nautical Skill is an explorer skill)

Reputation: 0 (You're a nobody, you won't receive any special missions or invitations. Killing players or NPCs in the same faction will reduce your Reputation.)

Command Power: 0 (The number of soldiers a hero can command, currently unable to command any troops)

Tactical Position: 1 (The type of soldiers a hero can lead, as well as the number of sub-heroes, can only lead one unit, one sub-hero.)

Attack: 0 (Increases the damage of heroes and hero troops)

Defense: 0 (Reduces the damage received by heroes and hero troops)

Mana: 0 (Mana can increase the effect of Hero spells)

Knowledge: 0 (Every knowledge gives the hero 10 points of mana)

Health: 10 (When a hero is killed, he dies)

Attack Speed: Normal speed, 10 (10 is the standard speed, which is a reference point for all living creatures' attack speed. A unit with a fast attack speed not only attacks first, but also attacks more frequently. For example, if a Zombie's attack speed is 5, it means that the player's attack frequency is twice as high as the Zombie's. If the Phoenix's attack speed is 20, it means the Phoenix attacks twice as fast as the player.)

Movement Speed: 10 (Maximum Movement Speed: 10 meters per second, has a chance to dodge enemies' attacks while running. The faster you run, the higher the chance.)

Basic Damage: 1-3 (Damage is the health for killing enemies)

(Note: The Damage Dealt varies according to the Attack and Defense of both parties. When the Attack is greater than the enemy's Defense, every additional Attack increases the Damage by 5%, every additional Defense decreases the Damage by 5%, which is the Final Damage = Basic Damage x (1 + Attack and Defense difference x5%); according to this formula, when the Attack is 20 points higher than the enemy's Defense, the Damage is doubled! Therefore, high-level soldiers are very powerful when fighting low-level soldiers.)

(Note: When an attack is lower than the enemy's defense, the final damage = basic damage / (1 + Attack and Defense difference x5%). When an attack is lower than the enemy's defense by 10 points, the damage is only 2 / 3. When an attack is lower than a defense by 20 points, the damage is only 1 / 2. When an attack is lower than a defense by 40 points, the damage is only 1 / 3. It is very painful for low-level soldiers to fight high-level soldiers. They can't even use their normal strength.)

Morale: 1 (5% chance of higher morale, 10% increase in damage and attack speed, lasting until the end of the battle. No deserters.)

Luck: 0 (There won't be a twice-daily lucky effect, nor will there be a bad luck effect of halving the damage.)

Stamina: 100 (The troops will constantly lose their stamina during battle or marching. When their stamina is below 10%, the hero's morale, speed, and damage will be reduced. After a hero dies and revives, their stamina will be at 10% for a weak period.)

After he finished building the account, the scene changed to a flash of white light. Da Fei appeared in a magnificent and solemn hall. In the air, a Winged Angel named Safiro looked down at the dozens of players who were whispering to each other.

The Hall of Destiny. This was where the random lucky draw players arrived after building their number, which was also where allocations were made. Since the players chose random places, their birth and development were also random. The NPC examiner would ask the players a question, and then decide where the players went based on their answers.

At this moment, the white light kept flashing, and more players entered the hall. Then, the door closed with a bang, and the whole hall became dark. A stern voice echoed in the hall.

— 'Welcome to the Hero Continent, Sons of Destiny, but you were very unlucky to have met me! I hate useless people who let their fate be controlled by others, but I really like the feeling of dominating other people's fate. Now, the exam begins!'

In the dim hall, a spotlight suddenly shone on a player named "Evil Little Wolf". Dozens of players looked at the first candidate with pity! It was the third day since the game started, and all the new players knew how bad the examiner was. The first victim would provide valuable information on the examiner and give the most reliable answer.

Safiro said coldly, "You have the favor of God and have a good Lord's specialty, but I don't think you deserve it. Answer me, what is the most important thing for a Lord?"

The players were in an uproar! If even an NPC said his specialty was good, then he must have made a fortune!

Evil Little White Wolf coughed and said, "Of course, we're running the mine."

Safiro chuckled. "Very suitable for your answer. Then, I'll give you the satisfaction of arranging for you to mine at the haunted mine in the Mountain Range of Death!"

"F*ck!" With a flash of white light, the white wolf disappeared.

Was the map a place for new students? Everyone's heart tightened, but they couldn't help gloating. Now, everyone had an initial impression of this examiner's scam.

The spotlight shone on a female player named "Instant Fanghua." The player was so scared he jumped.

— "Another Overlord. What do you think is most important as a Overlord?"

The female player said with trepidation, "S… running a farm…"

Safiro sneered. "An answer that suits your specialty!"

All the players sighed inwardly. This was a lesson for them. Why didn't he think of something?

— "Very good. Please listen to the question. There are 450 chickens and ducks on the farm. Half of the chickens sold and 30 ducks bought are twice the number of ducks. How many chickens and ducks do you have? My patience is limited. Answer me quickly. If you can't even count, how are you qualified to be a lord? I'll arrange a suitable job for you on the farm. For example, cleaning chicken manure!"

There was an uproar! An elementary math question? Who knew how many?

Sudden Youth shouted, "384 chickens, 66 ducks!"

The examiner shouted excitedly, "Correct, 10 points! Your talent is where you should go!"

The whole room was in an uproar! Her mental calculation skills were amazing! The questions weren't hard, but they were really hard to solve!

At the same time, 10 golden lights shone on the female player, instantly raising her level to 10! Then, she disappeared in a flash of white light!

Everyone was shocked! Getting 10 levels straight after answering an elementary school question was ridiculous!

As expected, one player shouted, "Bullshit! Unfair! Unfair!"

The spotlight in the hall focused on the 20-year-old young man—Raging Sea of Blood! In an instant, everyone noticed that he had a steel sword at his waist, wore leather armor, and had a thick metal shield on his back. He was a Shield Guard! A Level 3 Holy Church Shield Guard!

(Shield Soldier: Attack: 2, Defense: 8, Health: 20, Damage: 2-5, Attack Speed: 12, Movement Speed: 8, Command Value: 2, Special Skill: Giant Shield, Shield Formation. If a player is a Shield Soldier, the equipment they have at birth will add 2 points of personal attack, and 8 points of personal defense. Personal attack and defense won't work on the army. Command Value: 2 points of total power can lead a Shield Soldier.)

Wow! The spearmen in the audience were in an uproar! His background was amazing! Everyone else was a weak Level 1 spearmen with 0 Attack, 1-3 Damage, and 10 HP, but he was a Level 3 spearmen with 10 more attributes than everyone else! How could he say it was unfair?

Safiro sneered. "Fair? Don't you people who hand over your fate to the gods just want to get a shortcut before everyone else? You think you're fair?"

Raging Sea of Blood said coldly, "I spent money to get the chance to be chosen by God. This is fair! As for you, upgrading other people's levels is unfair!"

Safiro laughed. "When you hand over your fate to someone else to control, don't even dream of being fair! But I can give you a chance to be fair, if you can!"

Raging Sea of Blood said proudly, "I was chosen because I have the ability to control my destiny! My specialty is the Admiral. Do as you see fit!" Then, he showed off his hero talent!

— Admiral: The overall combat power of a hero's army at sea increases with the hero's level.

Everyone shouted, "God-level hero!!!"

He improved his overall combat power, not his Attack and Defense! His combat power included Attack, Speed, Morale, and so on! Who could beat him at sea?

Da Fei's jaw dropped! Were there as many Godly Heroes as there were dogs? They all played the lottery at the same time. Why wasn't he so lucky? They all knew how to play water too. His specialty was nothing compared to him! Bullshit! Unfair! Unfair!

Safiro smiled coldly. "Very good. The furthest border island of the empire needs ambitious young guards. Go there and be a navy general!"

With a flash of white light, Raging Sea of Blood disappeared!

Everyone sighed.

The spotlights flashed. It was Da Fei's turn! My turn?

Safiro said coldly, "What do you want?"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! This guy seemed to have picked out similar talents consecutively, so it was now his turn to travel in the Storm! Different people had different lives. He wasn't going to a deserted island near the border. He was going to take missions in a big port city to earn money to buy a Galleon Sailing Ship!

Da Fei answered politely, "I want to be a shipping merchant and contribute to the empire's business prosperity."

Safiro said lightly, "Is that so? The remote border islands of the empire urgently need ambitious young people to develop them. Go there and be your shipping merchant!"

"What the heck!" With a flash of white light, Da Fei disappeared!

The scene changed! Blue sea, blue sky, seagulls flying.

— System Message: You have reached the Island of Miracles, the Newbie Trial Grounds!

Then, there was someone looking around too, Raging Sea of Blood!

(Note: Galleon Sailing, the most mainstream large ocean sailing ship in the 16th to 18th centuries of Western nautical power. Four masts, 50 meters long, 2,000 tons of drainage, replaced by a steam-powered boat after the Industrial Revolution. The ships in the game are also retro designs.)