Chapter 7: Stealth Sailing

Shumilouco

At this moment, Da Fei was yawning on the reef, looking at this boring notebook filled with all sorts of routes and numbers. He only stopped to look at the places with words, but there were only various climate, geographical features, etc. As for the location of Mithril Island, he didn't even know where it was.

Speaking of which, mythril was probably more valuable than gold in the eyes of Mages. What should I do with this map? Offer it? Sell it? Develop it?

Selling the treasure was too shortsighted. If he did that, he'd be making an enemy out of Duke Markal, right? It was said that every major dungeon in the game required the power of a large guild. How could an ordinary player like him handle an epic quest? Find someone to work with? F*ck, like Raging Sea of Blood, he didn't trust players either!

At this moment, a line of text appeared.

— May 12th, Year 155. Fog. Today is my beloved Serbia's 10th birthday, but I'm not with her. I've been away from home for five years. Is she used to life in the church? Is she still waiting for me at the harbor of St. Paul's every morning? Does she still recognize me? We've lived at sea for five years, and we're all unrecognizable now. I can't even recognize myself in the mirror. Please let my Serbia be safe.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. There was content? What was this? A hidden plot? Of course! He was a self-taught genius! St. Paul's Port, the daughter of the church, right? Hm, it seemed like all the seamen without relatives in the game sent their children to the church. If he was 10 in 155, then he was 15 now?

15-years-old! Hahaha! Uncle, don't worry. I appreciate your teaching. I'll take care of her!

Excited, Da Fei continued to flip the page.

— September 24, 155th, sunny. The autumn haze, which lasted for more than a month, had finally ended. Everyone took out their back sheets for the sun. To everyone's delight, there were a lot of fleas under the blankets. Everyone grabbed a bottle and mixed some rare butter on dry bread. What a happy lunch!

What the heck!

— November 4, 155th. Clear. The sea was calm, and the sky was clear. We arrived at the edge of the Pirates' rampant New Caribbean. I was on high alert, not daring to slack off. At 12 a.m., everyone started lunch. I noticed an unnatural ripple in the water near the boat. Was I seeing things? Or was it fish?

No! None of it! My instincts told me this was the legendary Pirate King's unique skill, "Stealth Sailing!" They could use water curtains to create illusions to cover the ship, and they could sneak up on their prey in the middle of the day! I called the police right away, but the crew laughed at me! I was starting to regret my carelessness and doubts!

But Captain Renoir firmly supported me. The entire ship changed direction and ran at full speed with the wind. At this moment, something amazing happened. A pitch-black pirate warship appeared on the open sea! It was indeed the legendary pirate king, Red Beard! When he saw us escaping, he gave up his disguise and gave chase!

At this moment, a golden light enveloped my entire body. I had finally broken through my limits and reached Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill! I had succeeded! God! I praised you! I could finally step into God-level!

• • •

Seeing this, Da Fei was stunned! It was easy to see through other people's skills and level up to the Grandmaster level, but what did "finally reach the God-level" mean? Was it easier after the Grandmaster level?

Da Fei quickly scrolled back!

The rest of the content was about how Juan talked to Captain Renoir from time to time, as well as the Mage Markal, about the theory of this skill. Their combined analysis suggested that this "Stealth Sailing" wasn't just a nautical skill. It might have included some spells, some scouting skills, or even the material of the ship. This skill didn't seem like it could be completed by one person. It was probably completed by a team. It was a combination skill.

Combination skills! When Da Fei turned the page again,

— System Message: You learned from your predecessor and earned 2000 experience points. You received information about the skill "Stealth Sailing."

— Novice Guide: Player access to skill information triggers the skill's research and development system. Player can research and develop the skill himself, or find more detailed information from various NPCs, or find someone to learn the skill, etc.

— System Message: Congratulations, you have reached level 3! You received 1 Strategy Attribute, 1 Skill Point, + 2 Health, + 1 Command Power.

Skill information! Da Fei's jaw dropped!

This Stealth Sailing skill wasn't recorded in the Nautical Skill Book! It should be a unique skill for pirates? A God-level skill? That meant this diary was an important research treasure! It was a key item for him to learn a God-level skill. He couldn't give it up yet!

Da Fei looked through the information again. The following content showed that after he interacted with Markal a lot, Juan noticed something was wrong with Markal, etc., etc. Then, there were no more system notifications.

In other words, if he wanted to learn this skill, he needed to create a team with many talents. Of course, even if it wasn't for this skill, talent was necessary. The reason why St. Anthony was able to survive so many dangers and create miracles was because the entire ship was filled with talents.

A team was too insignificant for an individual like Da Fei. He could only recruit NPC talents. If he wanted to recruit excellent NPC talents, or even NPC heroes, he needed Reputation. No one wanted to follow a nobody.

There were many ways to earn Reputation, such as missions, military exploits, etc. Da Fei had one way to earn Reputation right now, which was to collect sub-skill information for the Reconnaissance Skill!

— Intelligence Gathering: When a hero fights an unknown monster, he can acquire the monster's attributes and create an Intelligence Card. Selling an Intelligence Card to a scholar or a noble could earn money, reputation, and favorability from some NPCs.

This deserted island was surrounded by unknown sea creatures, which could be used to collect intelligence! There would always be one or two pieces of useful information, such as this plant-type sea anemone!

He had just reached level 3 and gained another skill point. In short, he needed to learn skills both in the long term and in the present. Da Fei took out the skill book and learned it!

— System Message: You spent some Skill Points and learned the passive skill, Intelligence Gathering! The more time you spent with unknown things, the more detailed the information you collected.

Hm, passive was good. His favorite skill was passive.

By now, the sky was getting dark. The tide had receded again, revealing a wet land. Da Fei, who was fully prepared, jumped into the sea with a splash, swimming toward the pools of red lights…

"Yes."