Chapter 8: The Two Who Encounters The Boss

Desolate island sinking ship.

After fighting for an entire day, Raging Sea of Blood charged toward the level 5 target. When it was dark, more skeletons appeared on the sunken ship. Great!

With a flash of golden light, Raging Sea of Blood finally reached level 5. He finally got the precious reward of + 1 basic damage! The system was very stingy when it came to increasing basic damage. Players only got 1 point every 5 levels. Even so, with the addition of various equipment, the damage dealt by players in the later stages was still terrifying. It was indeed worthy of being called a hero.

Now that Raging Sea of Blood's basic damage had reached 4-7, his attack had also offset the monster's 6 points of Defense. With the addition of 40% damage from the Expert-level Attack Skill, he could kill a Skeleton Warrior with 5 HP in one hit! Before, he couldn't kill the monster with enough damage, so he needed to deal the finishing blow. The difference between this attack and the last two strikes was whether his leveling efficiency would double!

But Raging Sea of Blood wouldn't keep killing skeletons. Now was the time to explore the ship's secrets. There must be a Necromancer inside the ship, constantly summoning skeletons. He'd kill it first!

Facing the endless stream of skeletons, Raging Sea of Blood used the advantage of having a Shield Defender's Attack Speed 2 points higher than a Skeleton's Attack Speed to instakill the skeletons one by one. He didn't suffer any more damage! Great! Now he didn't even need to rest and heal! How was the effect doubled? Level 5 was really a watershed!

Walking along the narrow and dim cabin, Raging Sea of Blood killed his way to his target. He finally reached the dark room where Skeleton Warriors kept appearing!

Sure enough, there was a white-cloaked humanoid monster chanting spells in the room. Skulls came out of the summoning circle underneath it one after another! Boss!

I'm looking for you, kill!

Raging Sea of Blood charged forward with the shield. At this moment, the Boss flashed with black light, and a black light fell from Raging Sea of Blood!

— System Message: You have been hit by the Phantom Mage's Dark Spell, "Weakening Curse," dealing maximum damage -2, lasts for one day!

Raging Sea of Blood was shocked! He dealt the maximum damage! My damage was now 4-5! It's okay, even if it was 4-4, I could still kill the monster in seconds! Raging Sea of Blood killed another skeleton with one hit!

The boss flashed again!

— System Message: You have been hit by the Phantom Mage's Dark Spell, Painful Torture. Attack -6, lasts for one day!

Raging Sea of Blood was shocked! Attack decreased by 6! This meant that he couldn't break the Skeleton Warrior's defense! The difference of 6 points in Attack and Defense could only deal 85% damage, 34-42! Even with the addition of 40% of Attack Skill, it might not reach 5!

While he was still in shock, Raging Sea of Blood killed another skeleton blocking his way!

Raging Sea of Blood was determined. Charge! As long as he didn't deal the least damage, he could still kill the skeleton!

The boss flashed again!

— System Message: You have been hit by the Phantom Mage's Dark Magic, "Delay *," your Attack Speed has decreased by 30% for one day!

Raging Sea of Blood cursed, "F*ck you! Are you done giving me money?"

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood's Attack Speed dropped to 8. He wasn't as fast as the skeleton! With a clang, a skeleton slashed at him, taking away 1 HP!

Raging Sea of Blood killed the skeleton in front of him again and rushed into the room. The boss was right in front of him!

— System Message: You have been hit by the Phantom Mage's Dark Spell, "Armor Penetration," and your Defense has decreased by 4 points! Lasts for one day!

I'm not afraid of your HP! The boss has so many spells that Raging Sea of Blood was speechless!

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood finally saw that the boss was actually a ghost holding a shiny black magic book. The ghost's attribute was an ordinary ghost! It was a Level 3 Undead soldier in its normal form!

— Spirit: Attack: 4, Defense: 4, Health: 16, Damage: 2-4, Attack Speed: 8 Normal, Movement Speed: 15, Special Skill: Body of Nothingness, Flying Soldier, Undying Creature.

Raging Sea of Blood was enlightened! How could a beginner village boss have so many dark spells? This spellbook was the key! As long as he killed this boss, the spellbook would most likely drop! The spellbook itself had a lot of magic power! The spellbook was alive! The spellbook could make someone without any foundation in magic use the spells recorded in the book! How could this treasure appear in a beginner village?

Of course, for a Godly Hero like me, it wouldn't be surprising if a God-grade weapon appeared!

Raging Sea of Blood excitedly slashed at the ghost—"missed!"

— Novice Guide: Phantom has the special skill, Body of Nothingness, has a 50% chance of dodging physical attacks! If the first two attacks didn't hit, the third attack would.

— Ah! Raging Sea of Blood burst out laughing!

F*ck! Even if I'm full of Dark Magic, I still have 30 HP, I'll kill you, weakling with 16 HP! Raging Sea of Blood slashed again. "-3!"

You can't dodge this time, right? 13 HP left! Raging Sea of Blood's fighting spirit is soaring!

At this moment, two more skeletons appeared from the teleportation circle and attacked Raging Sea of Blood. Raging Sea of Blood resisted the attacks of the skeletons and slashed at the ghost!

The ghost's HP kept decreasing, and Raging Sea of Blood didn't have much HP left either. When another Skeleton Warrior walked out of the summoning circle, and when the critical strike that Raging Sea of Blood had high hopes for missed again, with only 4 HP left, Raging Sea of Blood knew he couldn't do anything. He cursed angrily and had to run!

At least with his speed, the skeleton wouldn't be able to catch up to him if he tried to escape. The ghost could catch up, of course, but if the ghost dared to escape the skeleton, he could still tank it with four drops of blood, and he'd have a chance to kill it!

But his hope was dashed. The ghost sorcerer didn't chase him out.

Just a little bit! Just a little bit more! While escaping, Raging Sea of Blood burped in anger.

If he teamed up with that piece of trash, he'd definitely win, right? This thought only lingered in Raging Sea of Blood's mind for half a second before he shook his head and dismissed it. Everything on the ship, including experience, equipment, and treasures, were all for labor. Outsiders couldn't get their hands on anything! It didn't matter if he couldn't win now. He just needed to level up. He could just keep killing skeletons on the deck.

It was just that it was really annoying to be covered in black magic for a whole day of playing! Other things didn't matter. He could just pretend he was back at level 1, but this delayed attack was too disgusting! He was slower than Skeleton, so he was bound to get hit first! Resting and regaining HP would waste a lot of time. So annoying!

But it was good to be depressed! The more depressed he felt, the more it showed the value of this book! He had to get it!

• • •

Desolate island beach.

After Da Fei swam ashore, he found the nearest sea anemone puddle. His first shot was a good start!

— System Message: You received an incomplete information card for the Enchanted Venom Sea Anemone!

— Novice Guide: It's hard to get a full reward from an NPC with an incomplete information card. Please continue fighting and collect more detailed information.

It was indeed a Sea Anemone! So this was its name! Impressive! Da Fei excitedly checked the information card.

— Demonized Venom Sea Anemone:

Creature type: Small plant;

Attack:?

Defense: 0

Damage:?

Health: 11

Attack Speed: Very slow

Movement Speed: 0

Special skills:?

Drop items:?

Experience: 10

Wahahaha, he really made a lot of progress! Continue! Da Fei killed another few dozen more, but there was no movement.

What happened? Was it because he couldn't hit them, so they didn't know the damage? That was probably the case. After all, one would never know the pain of a fist before being hit.

Should he try taking a hit?

No, no, this is ridiculous! Based on its HP and experience, this Sea Anemone was a Level 2 Soldier, but the plant monster's weirdness couldn't be measured with common sense, not to mention its name was "Venomous"! How could a fragile pikeman like me survive?

He had earned 2000 experience points from reading books. He was going to level 4 soon, so he couldn't play around. He didn't need information right away. He needed to level up. Besides, if the Reconnaissance Skill's main skill level was low, the sub-skill's effect would be limited. He'd better wait until he leveled up to the intermediate Reconnaissance Skill.

Da Fei kept fighting. Finally, with a flash of golden light, he leveled up!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 4. You have received + 2 Health, 1 Strategy Attribute, 1 Skill Point, + 1 Command Power.

There was nothing to say. He needed to upgrade his Reconnaissance Skill!

— System Message: You used 1 Skill Point and learned the Intermediate Reconnaissance Skill!

— Intermediate Reconnaissance Skill: Your field of vision + 40%. You can check the number of enemies, their morale, and their supplies. There is a chance to see hidden enemies within your field of vision, and you can alert the enemies who have been discovered, increasing the chances of players dodging attacks.

Right at this moment…

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill has detected a powerful hidden enemy nearby. Please stay alert!

The legendary hidden boss! Da Fei was stunned! The effect of the Intermediate Reconnaissance Skill was so immediate.

At this moment, a large red frame on Da Fei's map kept flashing, indicating that the threat was in this area! The world in the eyes of players who knew the Reconnaissance Skill was indeed different from ordinary players.

The question now was, what should he do? What could a weak Pikeman like him do against a hidden Boss? But this question only lingered in Da Fei's mind for half a second before he shook his head and dismissed it!

He needed to find it! How would he know if he had a chance? Just like how Da Fei often bought lottery tickets, even though he'd never won before, as long as he bought one, he'd have a one in a million chance of changing his destiny. But if he didn't, he'd never have a chance to change his destiny!

…