Chapter 5: Learning Reconnaissance Skill

In the first year of the Founding Era, the gods were tired of the endless fighting between various races on the Hero Continent. The supercontinent that opened up alternate spaces, the New World! Sure enough, all the countries of the Hero Continent stopped fighting on a large scale and began to colonize the New World! But only a few strong people in the Old World could reach the New World through the space door opened by the Mages. There was no way to transport all kinds of production materials, weapons, and equipment in large quantities, and at the same time, there was no way to transport the wealth of the New World back in large quantities. With a large number of powerful monsters in the New World, the development of the New World had been slow in the last 100 years.

In the year 145 of the Founding Era, the pioneers working in the New World's port suddenly discovered a drift bottle from the Old World. This proved that the Old World and the New World had a natural channel between the oceans. A lot of supplies could be transported between the two worlds by sea! A "Grand Line" search for the New World's route began!

On January 1, Year 150, the well-prepared and elite St. Anthony exploration ship, with the help of the experienced navigator, Captain Renoir, embarked with the empire's blessings and hope. It followed the footsteps of the pioneers and challenged unknown danger! The palace astrologer, Sir Markal, was also on the exploration team.

On April 20, 156, St. Anthony created a miracle and successfully returned from the New World! However, he was attacked by the undead fleet on his way back! Sir Markal became the last survivor of the battle and stayed on the deserted island until the dynasty's rescue team arrived! In honor of this great achievement, the nameless deserted island was named the Island of Miracles!

On January 1, 157, the recovered Knight Markal officially accepted the empire's award ceremony as a duke, the chief court astrologer of the Lionheart Empire, and became the greatest scholar, navigator, and explorer of this century!

In 159, the exploration of the New World was completed. The Light Faction and the Dark Faction each controlled a portal to the New World, which was heavily guarded. The New World Pioneer Movement began.

In the year 160 of the Founding Era, in order to speed up the development, the gods sent the Son of Destiny (also known as Players) to the Founding Era!

• • •

It was now 160 years. This was the official website's introduction of the game's background and the Grand Line. There was no mention of Mithril Island, nor was there any Underground Sea on the Empire's New World map. The cause of the incident was a little different from the bloody complaint in the notebook. Of course, it was because of the difference that there was a plot. Maybe Markal wanted to take Mithril Island for himself?

However, Epic and Legendary missions were all far-fetched! It wasn't something he needed to worry about at level 2. His top priority now was to get rid of Raging Sea of Blood! Also, if he got this mission, his account's value would increase a hundred-fold, right? Just like he said, even if he couldn't survive anymore, he could just log off and contact the seller, and the owner would pick him up! So, he didn't have to worry anymore. Wahahaha!

His biggest gain was this Reconnaissance Skill book.

— Elementary Reconnaissance Skill: Increases the hero's field of vision by 20%. Obtains enemy numbers, morale, and supplies.

— Intermediate Reconnaissance Skill: Increases the hero's field of vision by 40%, has a chance of detecting hidden enemies nearby, can alert enemies who have been discovered, and increases the chances of players dodging attacks.

— Advanced Reconnaissance Skill: Increases the hero's field of vision by 60%, allows the hero to draw a map, has a chance of discovering hidden resources or treasures that are hard to find.

— Expert Reconnaissance Skill: Increases the hero's field of vision by 80%. Can see the enemy hero's equipment from afar. Can train soldiers in the hero's own castle: Scouts.

Scout: Level 1 Soldier, Attack: 0, Defense: 0, Health: 10, Damage: 0-1, Attack Speed: 10, Movement Speed: 15, Command Value: 1, Special Skill: Advanced Reconnaissance Skill, Stealth Move. Training Cost: 500 gold (Most expensive Level 1 Soldier)

— Master Reconnaissance Skill: Increases the hero's field of vision by 100%, grants night vision, and maintains a normal field of vision at night. (Note: Night vision decreases by 90%)

Sub-skills were as follows:

— Intelligence Gathering: When a hero fights an unknown monster, he can acquire the monster's attributes and create an Intelligence Card. Selling an Intelligence Card to a scholar or a noble could earn money, reputation, and favorability from some NPCs.

— Dismantle: Can open locks and break traps.

— Disguise: Reconnaissance. It's hard for enemy heroes or monsters to see through your army.

— Stealth Move: allows the hero to be undetected by enemies and monsters within a certain range. The effect is related to the level of Reconnaissance Skill, the monster's level, the time, and the terrain. When using Stealth Move, the hero is not allowed to lead any troops. Learning prerequisite: Advanced Reconnaissance Skill.

— Lurker: The hero's army can lie in ambush in the wild, making it hard for the enemy to notice. The effect of the skill is related to the timing, the terrain, the number of troops, and the level of the enemy's scouting skill. During the Lurker period, the army is not allowed to move. Learning prerequisite: You have to master the Scout Skill.

— Intelligence Analysis: After obtaining detailed information on unknown lifeforms, the hero will be able to find their fatal weakness. Ignore 25% of their Defense during battle. Learning Requirement: Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill.

— Phantom Pursuit: When your army marches in the wilderness, it's hard to be noticed by the enemy. Learning Requirement: God-level Reconnaissance Skill.

• • •

This was the Reconnaissance Skill! A skill similar to the Thief job in traditional games! The Thief job could create incredible miracles in the hands of players with great imagination and creativity!

But in a game like Hero Genesis, where soldiers fought in battle, this skill was probably a little awkward. After all, there wasn't a single skill he could use before, so leveling up at the beginning wouldn't be good. Even though Grandmaster-level sub-skill Intelligence Analysis and God-level sub-skill Phantom March caught the attention of others, Grandmasters and God-level skills were just fleeting clouds!

It was getting harder to level up after the Class Advancement at level 10. Players who learned all the Attack Skills before level 10 were sure to kill monsters fast and fiercely. Between level 10 and level 30, the Leadership Skill and Defense Skill, which added the upper limit of the troops, were even more needed. There was no way they could use all their Skill Points to learn Reconnaissance Skill. After level 30, it was even harder to level up, much less learn Reconnaissance Skill. Otherwise, if the Reconnaissance Skill slowed down the leveling speed, the early advantages would be gone. Maybe only casual players, commercial players who didn't like fighting, or big guilds, would practice this kind of specialization.

Da Fei was a commercial player, of course. His goal was to earn money by running a ship. A merchant who ran a ship probably couldn't beat pirates, but he had to at least be able to find them and avoid them in time. Hence, the Reconnaissance Skill was a must-have for Da Fei! What's more, it was rare for him to pick up a book in this desperate situation. If he didn't learn it, he'd be punished.

Da Fei opened the book with gratitude! There was a flash of golden light!

— System Message: You have learned Elementary Reconnaissance Skill, your field of vision has increased by 20%! You can gain enemy numbers, morale, and supplies.

With the addition of skills and binoculars, Da Fei's vision was now 70% greater than normal people. He proudly raised the binoculars and looked at the sunken ship again. He chuckled. "Wait, I'll sneak onto the ship after learning Stealth Move!"

However, seeing how hard Raging Sea of Blood was killing monsters day and night, Da Fei became even more unhappy! F*ck, I can't do anything now that the sea is rising and I'm stuck on the reef. I have less time to level up than him! I have to wait for the tide to subside. I have nothing to do now anyway. I'll look through his journal and see what's going on with the so-called Mithril Island.

…