Chapter 4: Seafarer'S Relic

Under the star-filled sky, next to the receding tide, Da Fei used his spear to slaughter these defenseless sea anemones!

In fact, plant monsters weren't weak. The only drawback was that they couldn't move. Plant monsters had incredible strengths too. The most brutal plant monster published on the official website was the Piranha Tree. It was found all over the forest at the border between the Elven Kingdom, Faroland, and the Human Griffin Kingdom. Outsiders couldn't figure out what was happening when they entered. The vines on the ground curled, the tree trunk opened its mouth. It didn't matter what level soldier you were, the smaller ones could be killed instantly! The larger ones could struggle for a few seconds, but even if thousands of soldiers and horses went into the forest, they could be killed instantly! The Piranha Tree also had the parasitic wood demons and tree snakes, making the forest an unsolvable death zone. In the end, the most important thing was the teamwork of soldiers.

Of course, there were very few types of plant monsters, and their living environment was very weird. Currently, the official website only published plant monsters like man-eating trees, poisonous dandelions, hallucinogens, and exploding sweet potatoes. These plant monsters all had the power to destroy an entire army!

How lucky would Da Fei be to encounter a new plant monster in the sea? No, this wasn't luck! This was power! NPCs had a reason to send me, a weakling, to this place! This was my reward for discovering this monster! I'm an expert who's still alive! Wahahaha!

Finally, when the 100th Sea Anemone died, a golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 2! You have received 1 Strategy Attribute, 1 Skill Point, Health + 2, Command Power + 1.

— Novice Guide: Players can allocate Strategy Attribute points to Attack, Defense, Magic Power, and Knowledge. Before Class Advancement, every level up for novices would only add one Strategy Attribute point, so players must allocate it carefully. When you can't decide on a future direction, you can save attribute points and not allocate them. Strategy attribute points can also be obtained through training in the arena, in-service training in schools, etc.

— Novice Guide: You have received 1 Skill Point. You can purchase Skill Books from schools, barracks, and town Skills Teachers to learn new main skills, or improve the current level of your main skills, or learn branch skills from the Skills Books you already have. Skill Points can also be obtained by completing missions.

— Novice Guide: Your Command Power has increased by 1 point. Now, you can lead 1 soldier to fight for you. The more powerful a soldier is, the more Command Power they need. The Command Value for the soldier is the Command Power requirement for leading the soldier. Command Power is obtained by completing missions and obtaining an official title for the country.

Da Fei wiped his sweat and sighed.

New players without any class advancement didn't improve much after leveling up. The key was that their damage was still low by 1-3. If only he learned Attack Skill. Most of the players would have chosen Attack Skill as the first skill at the start of the game. After all, this was a must-have skill for war heroes. The problem was, he only had a Nautical Skill book! There were no Skill Teachers here! If he knew he'd be stranded here, he wouldn't have chosen the Nautical Skill for the start of the game. What was the point of learning Nautical Skill now? Where were the boats? There were no boats! He added some Command Power, but where could he recruit soldiers?

What a scam! The system and the players were scamming him!

Most of the players who started the game would have either chosen the Gunner, Archer, or Attack Skill. They would have been happily accepting missions from the camp instructors. They would have already started to bring the rewards to the Instance Dungeon. The goddess was right. If the players didn't win the lottery, getting a bad talent and being sent to a bad place would have affected their development. It was a good thing he was an expert and could survive. If he was a noob, he would have died of urine.

Stuck to death? Wait! I couldn't swim back to this deserted island, could I? There had to be a boat, right? Could it be that the stranded boat could be used too? The player's mission was to drive the boat back?

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! That ship was a big one! If he could drive that ship, he'd save a lot of money buying the ship and saving Reputation points! But let's not talk about the ship first. That kid definitely wouldn't give up the ship! Would he bring me back with him? Probably not even if he was evil!

Da Fei frowned! He had to fight with Raging Sea of Blood! Even if he couldn't beat him, he had to be a threat to him. Otherwise, he wouldn't even have the right to negotiate!

He didn't say anything else. He just kept leveling up! Da Fei added some Strategy Attribute points to his attack. One point of attack could increase the damage of the hero and the army by 5%. Anyways, there was no mistake in adding more attacks! He didn't believe he couldn't catch up to the skeletons by killing these monsters who couldn't fight back.

Da Fei kept moving from one sea anemone pond to another. Before he knew it, the sky was turning bright. The sound of the waves could be heard from the horizon. There was a silver-colored river in the sky. It was rising!

Da Fei suddenly realized he was very far away from the island. He couldn't even see the ship! What the heck!? He'd drown in the sea! It didn't matter if he died before leveling up. If he died now and lost experience, he'd feel so bad!

What should he do? Da Fei looked around and suddenly saw a small reef in the sea not far away. He didn't have time to run back to the island, it shouldn't be flooded by the rising tide.

Da Fei rushed into the sea to swim as hard as he could. He started fighting the waves!

As the waves rolled toward him, Da Fei could clearly feel the sea level rising rapidly. He wasn't strong enough to swim halfway! F*ck! He quickly took out a coconut and crushed the drink. Stamina + 100! Oh yeah!

He was close! The sound of the waves was like thunder! The waves were like walls! He was going to reach it! He had to do it! Da Fei gritted his teeth and made the final sprint! It didn't matter how much he gritted his teeth while talking about the data in the game!

— Boom!!! Raging waves crashed onto the shore, creating a tsunami! In that instant, Da Fei, who was holding onto the reef tightly, could feel the shock even with his back facing the waves!

"Finally…" Da Fei breathed a sigh of relief. He slowly climbed onto the reef, and his whole body shook!

There was someone on the reef! A dead person who looked like a skeleton!

Da Fei immediately raised his gun and got ready!

After a long stalemate, the pile of bones didn't turn into a skeleton. It wasn't a monster! If it wasn't, what did it mean? It meant there was hope!

Da Fei was excited. He started looking for the pile of skeletons with tattered armor.

— System Message: You searched the body of a deceased body and found an old travel bag! You found a broken Water Soldier Armor!

— Broken Water Soldier Armor: Increases equipment user's Defense by 3 points, Durability: 22 / 100. (Note: Personal Defense is only effective on the hero, it cannot be used on the troops.)

Wahahaha! He finally had something to wear! Da Fei was so excited that he laughed at the sky! It didn't have to be good stuff, but getting something in this dire situation was exciting enough! Now, Da Fei could finally understand how excited he was when Robinson Crusoe picked up a knife from a deserted island!

However, the fun was yet to come! Da Fei immediately changed into this tattered leather armor. Then, he eagerly opened the backpack. A golden light shone out. In that instant, Da Fei's breathing stopped!

It was a golden book! The same book as the one he had!

— System Message: You have received Reconnaissance Skill Skill Book. You will learn Beginner Reconnaissance Skill with 1 Skill Point!

— System Message: You received a C-Level Strategy Treasure, Telescope!

— System Message: You have received an old navigator's logbook (Quest Item).

Haha! Wahahaha! I was just worried about not having a place to learn skills when the skill book came knocking on my door!

I get it! I get it! There's no one in this beginner village, but there are skill books! How could the system send new players to a place where they can't even learn skills? That is to say, the unmanned beginner village is unique in that the players have to explore and discover it themselves! Without a doubt, the majority of the players would be in the sinking ship!

Thinking of sinking the ship, Da Fei felt a sense of urgency. He quickly checked the rest of the stuff.

— Telescopes: Increases the hero's field of vision by 50%, C-level strategic treasure.

Strategy Treasure! Haha! Wahahaha! I got a Strategy Treasure on my first day! Strategy Treasure isn't like ordinary weapons and equipment. It's the key to determining victory or defeat in a war! What does it mean to gain 50% vision? It means you can see half as far as ordinary people! I can see him, but he can't see me! This is a must-have weapon for ships and pirates in the future!

Da Fei was overjoyed. He raised the binoculars and looked toward the deserted island. He could clearly see the sunken ship. Raging Sea of Blood was still fighting on the deck! F*ck!

Then, he opened the page of the navigator's journal, which was held by a bookmark.

— The adventurer who was lucky enough to find me:

I am Juan Sebastian, the Imperial Admiral, the navigator of the St. Anthony exploration ship. I have to record the truth. The scholar and astrologer, Sir Markal, were the culprits of the tragedy! On the night of our return on April 21, 156, we encountered a storm and were stranded on a deserted island. When everyone was exhausted, Markal used dark witchcraft to murder everyone on the ship, trying to take over our amazing adventure!

Ever since we discovered Mithril Island in the Underground Sea in the New World, I had been acutely aware that something was wrong with Sir Markal. I had expressed my doubts to the captain, but no one would doubt Sir Markal, the empire's esteemed * * * master. I was also reprimanded by Captain Renoir. However, I had always been wary of Markal, which made me a survivor of his murder on the night of the incident. I wouldn't have long to live if I was stranded on a reef! My logbook records the entire process of our great adventure, especially our amazing discovery, the Underground Sea Mithril Island! Please find my adventurer and give my journal to His Majesty to stop Markal's ambition!

— System Message: You have received a map of the New World's Mithril Island!

— System Message: You triggered the Epic Mission "The Conspirer on the Grand Line"!

— Novice Guide: Epic-ranked quests are quests that can change the world. The difficulty is very high. The Grand Line is a major nautical movement organized by the various kingdoms in the Hero Continent in 145 years of the Founding Era to find a route to a new world. Countless nautical travelers were sacrificed. Markal is now the chief court * teacher of the empire, ranked as the Grand Duke, and the governor of a new world colony.

— Mission tips: You can offer the diary directly to the Emperor. You could receive a handsome reward for staying at Tengda overnight, or be ignored by the Emperor for some reason, or be killed by the high-level Grand Duke of Markal. You could also take the map for yourself, or auction it at a high price on the black market. Any decision you make would change the world.

Da Fei was so shocked his jaw dropped! What the heck! Picking up dead bodies could create an Epic Mission?

…