Chapter 3: A Desolate Island For Two

Shumilouco

This was a deserted rock island with a radius of only 100 meters. There was nothing here other than a few coconut trees and a dilapidated sailboat that had been stranded on the shore for god knows how many years! A novice village with no one! The start of the game was really challenging!

Could it be that his specialty was also a godly skill, which was why he got the same start-up treatment as this Admiral? Before entering the game, Da Fei had done his homework. The better a player's talent was randomly assigned, the harder the start. Of course, no matter how difficult it was, or how bad the examiner was, there was one thing: the examiner would definitely allocate the points according to their profession, which was that the admiral would never be allocated to the desert mountainous regions. This was probably why Raging Sea of Blood dared to provoke the examiner without any qualms and anger him, then allocate the points to this dangerous place! And the more dangerous the place, the greater the rewards!

What the heck! An uninhabited island, a mysterious treasure, a sinking ship, an unimaginable gain. Everything should have been prepared for the protagonist alone! But what happened? There was an extra person! Oh my god! Did you send a God-level hero to disgust me, or did you send me to disgust him?

Now, Da Fei and Raging Sea of Blood looked away from the obviously promising sailboat. They looked at each other!

Sensing the other party's evil gaze, Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! Two tigers couldn't share one mountain, right? He wouldn't PvP me, right? A Level 3 soldier! Unsolvable. One against three!

Da Fei immediately understood the situation and chuckled. "Brother, hello, hello. It's fate that we met on this deserted island. Let's take care of each other in the future."

Raging Sea of Blood said coldly, "I've seen you before. You were in the same beginner's hall as me."

Da Fei was stunned! This guy had a photographic memory! He remembered all the people in the lobby? He chuckled. "Bro, you have good eyes. We all came from the same Newbie Hall. We're really connected."

Raging Sea of Blood gripped the hilt of his sword and said coldly, "You know my talent, and I need to know your talent, as well as your skills. Let me tell you, my skill is Elementary Attack Skill!"

(Note: Basic Attack Skill—Increases the hero's melee damage by 10%)

Hey, although this was another unpleasant request from Da Fei, in this dire situation, working together was better than fighting among ourselves! Most importantly, he couldn't beat him!

Da Fei smiled. "Trash talent, not worth mentioning." Then, he showed off his talents and skills.

Raging Sea of Blood said coldly, "I'm not bringing anyone!"

Da Fei was stunned. "Um, bro, I didn't say you needed to take care of me. It's normal for us to work together here, right?"

Raging Sea of Blood pulled out his sword and pointed it at Da Fei's throat. He laughed. "Take care of him? Cooperate? You think trashy spearmen like you deserve this? If it wasn't for the fact that you weren't talented enough for me to lose Reputation Points, I'd have killed you. I'd have killed you every time I saw you. You'd be in a weak state forever!"

Oh my god, she was so straightforward! She said whatever she was worried about!

Da Fei's expression changed. He said in a daze, "Bro, we just met for the first time in the game. There's no grudge between us. Is it really necessary? Besides, you have a bright future as a Godly Hero. Why do you have to hurt our relationship over such a small matter?"

Raging Sea of Blood laughed maniacally. "I can do whatever I want in the game. If you don't want to, why don't you cut me? I hate and trust players the most! I'm telling you, my Godly Hero cost me millions of yuan. If I'm sick of killing people and don't want to play anymore, I'll sell my account. Soon, a boss will take over my account! Do you understand?"

F*ck! Another person who thought he could do whatever he wanted in a game. He was the same as his older brother. There was no solution!

Was the new replacing the old? Da Fei sighed. "Of course, of course. You're awesome."

Raging Sea of Blood said coldly, "This ship is my territory. Get lost!"

Did the former die on the beach? Da Fei helplessly raised his hands and backed off, sighing. "Fine, fine, fine! I'll play somewhere else…"

Raging Sea of Blood said coldly, "You're smart!" Then, he turned and walked toward the sunken ship.

Da Fei felt like cursing in his heart! Retribution! He had to think this through. Now that he had a career and goals, he couldn't mess around like he used to.

What should I do now? There was nothing on the island, and the ship was being bullied. I had to go to the sea. I was a bad guy back then. I should be able to find a way out.

The island wasn't big, but it was pretty close to the shore. In the waist-deep blue water, there were all sorts of neutral yellow-named starfish, crabs, fish, and shells, but there was no way to see the specific numbers of these animals. In the Hero Continent, every new player could directly look at the attributes of the monsters announced in the game, but the animals here were all mysterious.

Da Fei killed a lot of starfish, sea cucumbers, and fish. He didn't have any experience at all, but he did get a lot of seafood. These were all food. Every player was born with a week's worth of water and food, as well as cooking and camping equipment. The time in the game was 1: 10 in real life, which meant one day in the game was 24 hours in real life. Without water and food, one would be hungry and weak. Of course, the players were all heroes and Sons of Destiny. They wouldn't starve to death. If the players led troops, they'd need more food. Otherwise, the army would flee or even disband.

But it wasn't a bad thing to keep killing these fish and shrimps. The lobster's pincers looked scary, and the turtle shell was not easy to deal with either. The red-name was… a sea snake! F*ck, it was huge. Get away from it!

Finally, Da Fei saw a fish about half the size of a person swimming around. It didn't look very fierce. Maybe this head could give experience? This one!

A cold glint appeared first, followed by a spear like a dragon!

• • •

Da Fei revived in the coconut tree forest on the island. He felt melancholic at the 10-minute debilitating state he was in! The Lancer's life was so fragile! Looking toward the sinking ship, he saw skeletons pouring out of the passenger cabin and onto the deck. Raging Sea of Blood was happily killing the skeletons! Da Fei gritted his teeth!

As for why there were skeletons, was there a need to ask? Wasn't the sunken ship full of those things? There were treasure chests, godly skeletons, captains, bosses, etc.

Hm? A shield bearer? That was no ordinary skeleton! It was the elite skeleton warrior known as the nemesis of long-range units! It was an NPC unit!

— Skeleton Warrior: Attack: 2, Defense: 6, Damage: 1-3, Health: 5, Attack Speed: 10, Movement Speed: 6, Command Value: 1. Special Skill: Big Shield, Empty Skeleton, Undead Creature, Kills: 10.

(Note: Both the large shield and the hollow bone structure reduce long-range damage by 50%, but the hollow bone structure decreases the damage by 50% after the large shield reduces the damage, so the Skeleton Warrior actually reduces the long-range damage by 75%)

The human level-three Shield Soldier attribute:

— Shield Soldier: Attack: 2, Defense: 8, Damage: 2-5, Health: 20, Attack Speed: 12, Movement Speed: 8, Command Value: 2, Special Skill: Big Shield, Shield Formation. Kills: 17.

In terms of Attack and Defense, there wasn't much of a difference! Even if the Player, Raging Sea of Blood, had 2 Attack points at birth, he still wouldn't be able to break the Skeleton Warrior's defense. According to the formula, the damage wouldn't be 85%. If he was lucky, he could be killed with two slashes. If not, he could be killed with three slashes!

As expected, Raging Sea of Blood needed two or three slashes to kill each skeleton, and he needed to kill them one by one!

What kind of people were they?! As long as they teamed up with him, he could take advantage of his long-range weapons by stabbing them for free. When they were right in front of him, he could kill them all. Wouldn't he be safe? Wouldn't he be able to level up faster and not need to rest?

'You're so greedy! I wasn't as greedy as you were back then. At least I made use of you.' The more Da Fei thought about it, the angrier he became. He pounded the tree beside him.

— System Message: You received a coconut!

— Coconut Juice Fruit: Temporary Health + 1, Stamina + 100, the only source of fresh water on the island!

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! The only source of fresh water? So there was stuff on the island! I knew the system wouldn't bring players to a dead end! Great! Da Fei knocked all the trees and got five coconut fruits.

— System Message: Unable to obtain more coconut juice, please come back next month when the fruit ripens.

Next month? That's three days in real life! Wahahaha! This is really a scam! If you don't have any water, just keep eating! You'll get better at eating too, right? Anyways, make fun of him whenever you have the chance!

After the debuff period ended, Da Fei went into the sea again. Then, he tried to challenge many unknown sea creatures and failed again!

I don't believe I can't find someone who can beat me! Keep going!

It was getting dark. The waist-deep water receded, ebbing! Under the starlight, the island was hundreds of times larger.

So there was a retreat in the game! Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. If some big fish that he couldn't beat didn't retreat in time, they'd just be meat on the beach. Thinking of this, Da Fei became excited and looked around. Too bad, imagination and reality were always different.

No way? Was sinking the ship the only way out? Da Fei looked at the shipwreck angrily. The shipwreck at night was filled with ghostfire, sesame, and skeletons. Raging Sea of Blood seemed to be getting stronger as he leveled up. F*ck!

While feeling helpless and resentful, Da Fei suddenly saw a red light in the distance. What was that?

Da Fei rushed forward to take a look. It was a meatball monster swaying its tentacles in the water! What was it? Da Fei was already dead, so he didn't care. He just kept going. The red-named monsters didn't react!

No reaction at all? It looked like corals? Sea anemones? Sea anemones?! Was it a plant monster? Whatever!

After seeing a target, Da Fei stabbed with his gun. "-2!"

The meatball screeched and attacked with its tentacles! However, it couldn't reach Da Fei! That's right, the Pikeman's special skill was "long weapon"!

Da Fei was overjoyed! He stabbed again. "-3!" The sea anemone was still waving its tentacles in vain!

Da Fei laughed out loud! I found it! There's always a way out. I finally found it! This is a great place. If it wasn't for the Tide Rush, I wouldn't have known there was another world here! Plants are weird, right? My pikemen may be weak, but they can beat you!

After three more shots, the sea anemone exploded!

— System Message: You have defeated an unknown creature. You received 10 experience points!

Wahahaha, I can finally level up! Miracle Island is indeed Miracle Island. This whole area of sea anemones is my experience!

"Yes."