Chapter 1: Godly Hero

Author's Note:

In 20x, the global economy was weak, unemployment was rising, and the world was in turmoil.

The two superpowers, China and the United States, decided to lead the world together. The United States also started a series of major steps to cut military expenditures and earnings. In the process, the US Marine Corps, known as "Fight the Aliens," invented a Holographic Simulation Computer Programming System for civilian use. Together with the European Union, Japan, South Korea, India, Russia, and China game companies, they launched a holographic reality super game, "Hero Genesis," which players from all over the world could participate in! It was a super game that combined fantasy, adventure, war, trade, land construction, seafaring, competition, leisure, and competitiveness.

During the research and development process, various development companies had already started a global promotion.

In the spring of 20xx, "Hero Genesis" was launched globally! Young people all over the world were crazy about it! In the Chinese district, the Chinese appellate for "Hero Genesis" had advertised everywhere!

— Do you want to compete with world-class players? Do you want to fly freely in this fantasy world? Do you want to be a hero admired by everyone? Do you want to have your own castle and lead your army to do whatever you want? Do you want to be a high-income professional gamer? Come on! "Hero Genesis" will fulfill your dream of crossing worlds!

• • •

Da Fei, a 30-year-old freelance worker in the construction industry, and a former online game casual gamer, saw an unlimited business opportunity for Hero Genesis, so he resolutely joined the queue to buy a new computer.

Where was the business opportunity? This was a game that was hyped up and made money. It was a game where rich people led troops to war and built castles. Where did the soldiers come from? What if all the soldiers died? Gold coins! Everyone knew.

Today was actually the third day since the game was launched. If he didn't have to wait for his annual salary to be paid for the machine, Da Fei would have queued up at the sales location the night of the launch.

As a professional gamer, he actually lost to tens of millions of people at the starting line for three whole days! What a failure! He had no choice but to train harder.

Da Fei thought about it and called his younger sister, who was in college. "Xiao Li, I resigned. I found a new job with a lot of income. I won't be going back during the new year. Tell mom and dad."

For a talent like Da Fei, quitting was easy. It wasn't hard to find a job either. There was no shortage of jobs in the world, only people who were willing to do these jobs.

A surprised and capable female voice came from the other end of the line. "What? You're not going back for the New Year?"

Da Fei said helplessly, "Do you know how many jobs are missing during the New Year? Taking over a shift during the New Year is three or four times the usual income! That's it. Call me during the holiday. I'll send your luggage to the train station!"

"It's okay. I have a ride."

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. He anxiously said, "Who is it? It's that Liu Dawei again! Did you kiss him? Did you sleep with him? Are you pregnant? Tell that poor guy to get lost! If he's not thinking of making money in college, he's thinking of girls. I'll beat him up every time I see him!"

Xiao Li said anxiously, "What nonsense are you talking about? We're just classmates!"

Da Fei said angrily, "Normal classmates my ass! When I was in college, I got a full-fledged female classmate, got pregnant, and left! Now, they can't even enter the registration area for rich people to get married!"

Xiao Li said angrily, "You were bragging!"

Da Fei became excited. "Ah, right! I was bragging!"

Xiao Li said, "I'm done talking to you. I'm hanging up!"

Da Fei sighed. I'm doing this for your own good!

As the older brother of his family, he should have been the hope of his family if he spent some of the family's money to finish college. But in the end, Da Fei disappointed everyone and became the laughing stock of his hometown. His younger sister, on the other hand, got into a famous college with excellent grades and won a scholarship. She didn't burden her family at all. How could his older brother take this? When he got into college, his younger sister adored him! But now…

"Most importantly, my younger sister is pretty and a school belle. If she could get a rich husband in college, our family would be rich! She's the hope of our family! The problem is, she's blind. There are so many rich second-generation heirs out there, but she just has to fall for that poor guy who doesn't have money! What's so great about that poor guy? He's just a tall gigolo from the track and field team. He only knows some pickled songs and some cotton-padded songs. None of this matters! He's a pile of shit without money or skill!"

As long as I'm alive, the two of you can forget about being together! So what if it's the track and field team? I've been in the construction industry for years, I'd kill them with a brick! I'll call their dorms at night to find out their schedule! Hmph, it'd be best if Xiaofang answered the phone!

The long queue gradually shortened. Advertisements for the game were displayed on the big screen in front of the store over again. Da Fei's passion was ignited!

This was the world of heroes. There was no complicated attribute in this world that players couldn't understand, nor was there any Tornado Slash or Chrysanthemum Blast. All the attributes were simplified into Attack, Defense, and Damage, making it easy for players to calculate.

What was offense? What was defense? What was killing?

There was a limit to a person's strength, but the damage was unlimited. If a person used all their strength to punch a wall, the wall wouldn't even lose a drop of blood! If it was a heavy hammer and used all of its strength to hit the wall, the wall would be instantly destroyed! The same strength could create completely different damaging effects with different tools.

Limited strength was damage, hammer was attack, wall was defense, attack and defense were always relative. Different attacks had different effects.

The role of a hero was to increase the attack and defense of the whole army by increasing their own attack and defense, so that limited damage troops could have unlimited destructive power! And the role played by players was such an exciting hero!

Just wait and see! When I played the game, I was an internet-addicted healing expert admired by everyone in the game! If I could reach this level just by playing, how amazing would I be if I tried my best now? The national server is too small. Only this world-class game is my stage! For this day, I've already done enough research on the game's official website and forum! I've already memorized all kinds of building materials! I'll make it big! I'll have houses, cars, and wives! Wahahaha!

At this moment, the commercial on the big screen changed.

— "Greetings to all gamers. It's time for the Hero News live broadcast. Today, we have invited the Chinese spokesperson for Hero Genesis, a well-known professional e-sports player, Miss Deng Jiayi from the 'Star' battle team, to our live-stream. Welcome, everyone!"

"Hi, everyone! I'm Deng Jiayi!" A pretty face appeared on the screen.

"Wow!!! What a male and female geek!!!" The crowd of players waiting in line exclaimed.

Da Fei's eyes almost popped out of his head! Deng Jiayi, the homebody goddess who was both beautiful and powerful, everyone knew her game ID, Bu Feiyan! She was his dream girl!

Host: "Just now, we received a piece of news. Some players in Japan have already used the random lottery system to pick a Hell Genius with talent: Master of Mech. This is the second rare talent hero after the Hell Gate Master in Japan. It was bought by the Mitsubishi battle team for eight million USD. Could Miss Deng Jiayi express her opinion on this matter as a professional?"

Eight million USD!!! The whole street exploded! Da Fei was even more shocked! This wasn't just a business opportunity. It was like buying a lottery ticket and becoming rich overnight, changing one's life! As for the lottery, it was obvious. For this kind of money-making game, as long as one was willing to spend money to charge the game, there would be a chance to draw an awesome account at the lottery!

What? Unfair? When has competition ever been fair? The Chinese can't beat the black, the black can't win the white, why blame God?

And countless facts had proven that the more unfair the game was, the more popular it became! It could give birth to a large number of "service workers"! It could also solve the unemployment problem that troubled countries! But people who didn't need to worry about spending money could still force out good talents in the future.

The screen showed the description of the hero's talent:

— Master of Mech: With every level up, the hero's attack speed and movement speed would increase by 1%!

The street exploded again!

Heroes' skills could be obtained through players' hard work, but a hero's talent was innate, it was the only way to differentiate between the strong and the weak!

Deng Jiayi smiled bitterly. "This is incredible strategic talent! By the end of the game, the hero's army would have all the Berserker and Acceleration skills at the start of the game, while the Infernal soldiers were generally fast. This is like adding wings to a tiger! It's easy to imagine that the Japanese area, with two rare heroes, would be trying its best to develop the Infernals. If the war started, our China area would be under a lot of pressure!"

Host: "Can such a hero be considered a God-level hero?"

Deng Jiayi smiled helplessly. "Godly Heroes are what ordinary players call them during the testing version. There are only ordinary heroes, Epic Heroes, and Legendary Heroes in the game. However, this Master of Mech is indeed an existence beyond known Legendary Heroes. It's not an exaggeration to call him a Godly Hero. I can't think of a way to counter such heroes in the future!"

The host smiled and said, "There are so many players in the China server. If everyone drew the lottery, they'd get a very powerful hero, right?"

Deng Jiayi smiled. "If we got the so-called Godly Hero, our club owner would have offered a few million yuan to buy the account too, right? But lucky draws often involve random heroes with ordinary or even Strange endowments. This is not good for the development of ordinary new players. I don't agree with players drawing the lottery. It's better to customize heroes according to their preferences. After all, in the later stages, players can still rely on their own efforts to upgrade their talents."

The host smiled. "So far, Hero Genesis has been in operation for three days. Currently, the rankings for Rare Heroes are as follows. Everyone, please look at the big screen—"

Ranking of rare talents:

1. The Liege of Death—Any undead monster in the wild would join the hero's team unconditionally. Owner: Swedish player Vultne, hero valued at 10 million USD.

2. The Master of Hell's Door—Heroes increase the effect of the Hell's Door as their levels increase. Owner: Japanese Mitsubishi Squad, Hero Valuation: 6 million USD.

3. Unicorn Girl—Every time the hero leveled up by 2 levels, the Unicorn soldier would gain 1 Attack, Defense, and Health Points. Owner: Supernova Team in the United States. Value Value: 3 million USD.

Siege Technician—Every time the hero leveled up by 2 levels, the Ballista's Attack and Defense would increase by 1 point. Owner: Russian Battle Angel battle team, Hero Valuation: 3 million USD.

5. Knight role model—The hero increases the effect of the knight hero's class skill, "Blessing Ceremony," as the level increases. Owner: Royal Ark Team, UK. Hero Valuation: 3 million USD.

6. Vampiric Princess—Every time a hero leveled up by 2 levels, the Vampire's Attack and Defense would increase by 1 point. Owner: French Player Natasa, Hero Valuation: 1 million USD.

7. Griffin Breeder—Every time a hero leveled up by 2 levels, the Griffin's Attack and Defense would increase by 1 point. Owner: Chinese Star Team, Hero Valuation: 1 million USD.

• • •

Looking at the long list of bids, the whole street was in an uproar! Da Fei's heart beat even faster! He knew this game was very popular, but he didn't think it would be this crazy! This feeling was like opening a lottery website. It was like everyone in the world had won a prize, except him!

Should he try the lottery too? Even though their intention for doing the show was obvious, wasn't it just charging 1000 yuan? He'd spent at least 8000 yuan buying lottery tickets over the years. Even if an expert like him failed the lottery and got a regular account, he'd still be able to do well!

"Yes."