Chapter 17: Phantom Ballista In Voyage Diary

Da Fei kept looking at the diary. Finally, there was something.

— February 8, Year 150. It's cloudy. We've been out at sea for more than two months, and we haven't even seen a single pirate. We're so bored in the bottom cabin that we're going crazy! Our ship is moving too fast, and we can't fish. Life is so boring. Roberts suggested we play cards together. I thought about it. There's no rule saying you can't play cards in the seafaring industry, so we could play randomly. We have a smelly and stuffy bottom cabin, so the captains and deputies rarely come down to inspect. But even if they did, the sound of their leather boots would remind us.

— February 9th, Year 150. Sunny. Roberts owed me 14 gold coins. Eric owed me 10.

— February 10, Year 150. Sunny. Roberts won today, but he still owed me four gold coins. Eric lost again. He owed me 15 gold coins.

— February 11th, Year 150. Jerk! Eric was so lucky today, I actually owed him 5 gold coins!

Oh no! I finally got my daily diary habit back, but can you be more boring? Where's your wife? Where's your daughter? Keep reading!

— February 14, Year 150. Today, while playing mahjong, someone came down from above! It was Count Markal! He greeted us gunners with a friendly attitude. He even gave us some fun magic toys to pass the time! I didn't think such an honorable mage like Count Markal would come to our smelly, stuffy basement, and be so approachable! His bearing really impressed us!

Da Fei became excited! Markal! Keep looking! There was a lot of gambling debts, omission!

— March 16th, Year 150. Thunderstorm! At 9 p.m., Sentinel called the police! We encountered pirates! I was excited! It was finally my turn to attack! All of our gunners were excited! At 11 p.m., our ship got rid of the pirates. We were excited for nothing!

He skipped the bet.

— April 2, Year 150. Sunny. Meet pirates at 10 p.m. and get rid of them. I was thinking, since our ship is so fast, our sailors are all elites of the empire. With such an excellent captain and first mate, would we gunners never have a chance?

— April 11th, Year 150. Rain! Hello, pirate! Goodbye, pirate!

— April 17, Year 150. Rain! After so many days of rainy season, our sailors were all wet. Our knees hurt every time we walked. It was agonizing.

— April 18th, Year 150. Rain. Today, Earl Markal came to the basement again. He brought us a barrel of alcohol to cure rheumatism. The color was weird and bitter, but it was really effective. One glass would heal our legs, and they were full of energy! Earl Markal was really admirable!

His legs were full of power? Did he turn into a hopping zombie? He skipped the gambling debt and continued to flip! Oh, there was more! This page was full of words!

— June 3, Year 150. Sunny! This day came unexpectedly. We had entered the sea occupied by the Nagas, and the battle was inevitable! We had been out at sea for almost half a year, now it was our turn to fight! In the fierce chase, I killed six Nagas, four Robos, three Erics, five Robins, five Joeys, and three Hawks. The worst thing was, the Naga leader ran away on a seriously injured sea dragon! If our ballista could shoot farther and be more powerful, we could hunt that sea dragon and gain unimaginable rewards, and I would have made great contributions! I missed the rare opportunity to build a merit point in the past six months. I couldn't be happier at the commendation ceremony tonight. This battle exposed a serious problem with the accuracy!

We were used to fighting pirates. Our ballista targets were usually large-sized ships or sea monsters, so we didn't have to worry about hitting them. Facing the Naga warriors, who were chasing us at high speed while swimming, we really didn't have the strength.

Of course, it was because the boat was shaking all the time.

Then, it was hard to aim at the light refraction of the water. Fishermen always focused on aiming when they fished with their fish forks. Now it seemed that this was an important skill. Too bad I looked down on fishermen and didn't know this skill. But the Nagas were naturally skilled at this skill. They could shoot bone arrows at us while hiding in the water, but it was hard for us to hit them.

Then, the surface of the water greatly negated the power of the arrow. It was incredible! But according to my calculations, it was true. The arrow's power in the water decreased by 1 / 3 to 1 / 2! It was like armor with 20 points of defense! How could water, so weak, achieve the effect of such thick armor? I thought it was like using flat pebbles to float in the water, with the rocks jumping on the surface.

Recommend an app that was comparable to the old version of the novel chasing machine.

How could he fix this problem? He was too tired today. He'd have to call everyone tomorrow for research.

• • •

Da Fei was excited! This was going to work! The ballista's accuracy at moving targets was indeed a problem. After Juan discovered the Pirate King's unique skill, he started researching God-level skills. If the Cannon Master noticed something, he'd also research God-level skills! The secret was in this journal!

Dafei quickly flipped to the next page!

— June 4th, Year 150. In order to celebrate our marksmanship yesterday, let's play bigger…

What the heck! Where's your research project? Da Fei kept flipping!

— August 9, Year 150. Fog! At 9 p.m., the surface of the sea was filled with dark fog. In this terrible environment, we were attacked by unknown sea monsters, but we were helpless! I could only attack randomly and futilely according to the sound of the waves. At this moment, a strong wind dispelled the fog. It was Count Markal's amazing spell! We finally saw a monster as big as a small island chasing us! Oh my god, I'd never seen such a huge monster! Even worse, we couldn't attack the enemy directly behind the ship from our angle! Just then, a huge fireball fell from the sky and pushed back the monster. It was Count Markal's amazing spell! It was so powerful! I think I should ask him something!

Markal appeared again! This gambler finally understood. Da Fei quickly turned the page.

— August 10th, Year 150. Sunny. Today, I paid a visit to the Earl of Markal with reverence and nervousness. The Earl greeted me warmly in the study. Although the Earl of Markal was always kind to us, after seeing his power, his friendliness excited me even more. There were many books in the Earl of Markal's study, and there were many bottles on the table. What a mysterious and wise scholar! I asked about the sea monster yesterday. The Earl of Markal said it could be the legendary sea monster Leviathan that could create fog, but he couldn't be sure. Oh my god, if it really was Leviathan, then the Earl of Markal was the powerful existence who defeated Leviathan.

Da Fei was shocked!

Leviathan! The official information said a level-eight marine creature had unknown attributes, surpassing level-seven soldiers like angels, demons, dragons, etc. Legend has it that God created the world in seven days, created the laws of all things and time in the first six days, created two mythical beasts on the seventh day. The male was Behemoth, known as the overlord of the land, and the female was Leviathan, known as the overlord of the sea!

If Markal could defeat Leviathan, how powerful was he? Was he supposed to fight against such a powerful Navigator on an epic quest? Oh right, Markal's study? Generally speaking, the senior cadres lived on the upper level of the ship. Did that mean the room where Raging Sea of Blood fought the Boss was his study? The study where he defeated the powerful * * master from Leviathan? Was the reward just a magic book?

Now that he knew how to use the Ballista, dealing with the evil spirit wouldn't be a problem. But the problem was, something as big as a Ballista couldn't fight in such a small space! This was a problem. It was still the original plan, with a black gun on his back. It had been half a day, and there didn't seem to be any footsteps above him. If he wasn't worried at Level 5, then he was even less worried at Level 8. He kept reading the diary.

… Of course, the count's time was very precious, so I asked him how to fix the ballista's accuracy. The count pondered and said he'd find me when he figured it out. Before he left, he gave me a very expensive bottle of wine. I was so excited!

As expected! It wasn't realistic to expect this gambler to do research. The Navigator's god-level skill was invented by Markal, after all. Keep looking.

— January 17, 151. Sunny. Today is an exciting day for me. Earl Markal is here again. Not only did he bring good wine, but he also brought a solution to the ballista's hit! I didn't think he'd take it so seriously! After so long, I thought he'd forgotten!

This was really a shocking plan! This was a new model of the magic ballista. The wood needed to be made with a wooden staff used to make high-level magic staffs. The steel ballista arms and armor needed to be replaced with mythril alloy, which had good conductivity. The body of the ballista needed to be inlaid with 12 Charging Magic Stones, which were attached with 12 high-level magic circles. Even the ballista needed to be enchanted! The effect of such an expensive and amazing ballista was that it could allow an ordinary gunner, who didn't know any magic, to launch a powerful attack that disregarded obstacles and fog! There was no need to aim carefully, as the magic ballista would automatically search the target! Even the creatures hiding in other planes couldn't escape the attack! Leviathan, Nagas, and the ship could all do the same!

Such an existence was like the magical weapon of the Elven Kingdom, the Phantom Divine Bow. The Earl named the new ballista the Phantom Ballista!

This was a genius, amazing, and great idea! Too bad we didn't have any equipment, tools, or materials on board, so we didn't have a way to implement it. But I made up my mind. If we could complete this adventure, I'd follow Count Markal and try my best to complete his great idea!

• • •

— System Message: You have information on the new Ballista, the Phantom Ballista!

— Novice Guide: After obtaining the weapon's information, players can trigger the weapon's research and development plot. They can develop the weapon themselves or learn from the relevant NPCs.

It was finally out! This boss was different from the rest, giving me information on a new type of ballista! It was worth it to get the rarest skill book in the world. While the target was useless, it was still better than having no clouds.

He had enough time to flip through the books. Da Fei flipped to the last two pages.

— April 19, 156, the storm is coming!

— April 20, 156, unknown fleets appeared in the storm.

The diary ended at this point. There was still a day to go. He died?

Da Fei sighed. This poor guy probably didn't have a wife or daughter anymore. What was worse was that he didn't even know how he died. He didn't even have time to leave his last words. His diary was filled with praises for Markal.

Wait, if this Phantom Ballista was designed by Markal, then Markal was a related NPC. What would happen if he gave this diary to Markal? He'd be happy, right? After all, this diary was filled with records of his greatness. It was solid proof of Markal's glory, in case he didn't have any proof! If he was happy, he could give the Phantom Ballista to him.

However, he already accepted the Voyager mission to fight Markal. Would he be okay if he went to see Markal with this mission?

Whatever, this wasn't the time to think about it. He'd fix the ballista and check out the next cabin.

…