Chapter 18: Encountering Six Bosses

Raging Sea of Blood ate as he watched TV. 24-hour 24-hour live stream of the hero.

Raging Sea of Blood really wanted to know how much of a sensation he'd created in the China server after he revealed his talent in the beginner's hall. He searched for the Admiral, and the 12 a.m. livestream came out. Raging Sea of Blood was excited. The Hero News was indeed fast-paced.

Host: "Hi everyone, the latest news is that a rare talent, Admiral, has been born in the China server. The player's public display of his talent in the beginner's hall caused quite a sensation. Let's interview the captain of the Star Team, Mr. Jiang Dawei. Please share your thoughts on this account. Hello, Captain Jiang!"

"Hello, host!"

"Please share your opinion on this Admiral."

Captain Jiang: "The Hero Genesis has a large sea area, as well as many islands and small continents. More importantly, the Old World and the New World are connected by sea and other worlds, so sea war heroes have very powerful strategic value. In fact, seafaring is one of the important selling points of this game. Currently, 100 thousand players in the China server have chosen the seafaring business class. As more players look toward the sea, the value of a hero with a sea battle specialty will be even more prominent."

Host: "Captain Jiang, how much do you think this hero is worth?"

Captain Jiang smiled. "We only care about fighting, not money. If there's a comparison, I think we can defeat the Japanese master at sea."

The host smiled. "So the Star Team is willing to pay 10 million USD for this account?"

Captain Jiang smiled. "Well, our team is still planning to fight for land mines. Anyway, this is our boss' business. I'd like to congratulate this player. If he's interested in joining our Star Team, we'd welcome him."

Raging Sea of Blood laughed out loud! Stars? Did he really think he represented the national team? Ridiculous! After I finish this beginner's trial, I'll start building Blood Sea Studio. I want to be the Chinese district's One! When that time comes, I'll poach those geeks and goddesses to have fun with my brothers! Wahahaha!

Host: "Thank you, Captain Jiang, for your interview. The game has been open for three and a half days. Let's look at the current world rankings. The current number one is still the French female player, Natasha, Lv 24 Vampiric Princess. The Chinese Stars player, Pigwidgeon Run, is Lv 22. The Russian Angel player, Baplov, is Lv 22. The Swedish player, Wayne, has the highest valuation in the world, is only Lv 20, outside of 100 thousand. What do you think of this ranking, Captain Jiang?"

Captain Jiang smiled. "Natasha, is that how you call her? She was a Level 4 Vampire Undead at birth. This early game advantage is incredible. She could fight one-on-one without a single soldier. Comparatively, although our Little Pig Runner School's Griffin Breeder brought a Level 4 Griffin at the start of the game, as a Level 4 Flying Soldier, the Griffin's individual combat power and endurance cannot compare to a Vampire who constantly feeds on blood."

Host: "Although a level-four griffin can't beat a vampire in a one-on-one fight, the game emphasizes the cooperation of the units. Compared to the slow speed of the Undead, the vampires seem out of place. They don't dare to go in alone. The griffins, on the other hand, have no qualms about swooping at high altitudes. They can escape unscathed after attacking the enemy's long-range magic unit. Vampires can't compare to them."

Captain Jiang smiled. "That's right. As for the Russian player, Baplov, the Siege Technician, he was completely slowed down by the ballista's pathetic movement speed. But since the ballista cost a lot of time to load, the other side must have made a big deal out of it and focused on hard attacks. That's why he must have collected the most treasures and equipment among all the bosses he killed, so his combat power is definitely the best in the world. After all, the early game of ballistae has too many advantages, and his talent is increasing the ballista's Attack and Defense by 1 point every two levels. At Level 10, he's far behind ordinary ballista players."

The host asked, "What about the Liege of Death?"

Captain Jiang said seriously, "The Liege of Death is extremely talented. Half of the Undead units we encounter in the wild will join the players' troops unconditionally, be it level 7 Skeleton Soldiers or level 1 Skeletons. If we had an account like this, the first thing we'd do would be to think of ways to improve the Command Skill of the Deceased and increase the hero's Command Power. We'd also do quests to gain an official position in the Empire of the Undead to increase our Command Power further, and then plan to quickly build a city. The troops he couldn't store would all be transported back to the city to stockpile. So for him, the upper limit of the army is the most important, and all levels are meaningless. So it's not surprising that he's low-level now, but his power is undeniable."

The host: "That's true. It looks like China district is under a lot of pressure…"

Captain Jiang: "Yeah, so the only thing we can do is train harder, divide the work clearly, and develop quickly…"

• • •

Seeing the top players from all over the world, Raging Sea of Blood, who was also a Godly Hero, couldn't sit still anymore. He swallowed the steak in a few bites and got on the plane to continue fighting. He would level up to 10 tonight! He would get the Mana Skills Book! He would win the Shipwreck!

• • •

In the Shipwrecking Artillery Cabin. After Da Fei disassembled the rest of the ballistae, he collected a few intact parts and fixed the damaged ballistae. This was a pain in the ass for the Mechanic class. They always had spare parts on them, which cost money to buy. Not every player could afford the Mechanic class.

In short, the next battle couldn't damage the ballista completely.

Da Fei used the key to open the iron door behind the gun cabin. A putrid smell hit him.

This was the entrance to the lower level of the ship. Generally speaking, the deck of a large sailboat had three floors, and since the upper level had such a big gun compartment, the lower level must be the storage compartment for the ship. Otherwise, the ship's center of gravity would be too high, making it easy for the ship to capsize in the wind. If the steel door was used to lock the cabin, there must be valuable goods! Treasure? I'm coming!

Da Fei used Stealth Move to enter the lower level of the cabin. He hid at the top of the stairs to observe the situation. The dark cabin was narrow and spacious. Not to mention treasure chests, there weren't even many ordinary wooden barrels and crates! This was ridiculous.

Da Fei took a few steps closer to the wall to get a better look. Then, he saw bodies all over the floor! He didn't understand why there were so many bodies in the storage, but there was nothing to explain. There was nowhere to go but clearing monsters!

Da Fei returned to the stairs. This place had enough space to set up the ballistae, and with three sides against the wall, the monsters wouldn't get behind the ballistae. There was nothing to worry about. This place must be for the players to set off the firecrackers!

Da Fei took out some spare parts from his space bag and quietly assembled the ballista. Ten minutes later, he finished assembling the ballista and filled two bolts in the slot. Then, he took out the Newcomer Tool Pouch given by the system, took out a torch, and lit it. The cabin became brightly lit. Last night, Raging Sea of Blood lured monsters like this.

It moved! Corpses slowly crawled up from the ground. There were five or six tall ones among them. Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Was it a Boss? No way! There were no wholesale Bosses! At most, there were a few stronger mutant zombies. He had to stay calm!

Da Fei's Elementary Study of the War Machine's Ballista attributes were: Attack 10, Defense 10, Basic Damage 2-3 (Total Damage = Basic Damage x Hero's total attribute points), Health 200, Attack 5, Movement Speed 1, Special Skill: Knock Back, Piercing.

Da Fei was Level 8, with a total of 7 attribute points. The total damage of the Ballista was 14-21. The Zombie had 2 Defense points, which offset the Ballista's 2 Attack points, and had 8 Attack points. Every additional Attack point increased by 5%, which meant an increase of 40% damage, which was 19-29. Then, the Damage Dealt from the Ballista would be reduced by 20% by the Zombie Intermediate Defense Skill, which meant the final damage from the Ballista would be 15-23! With the addition of the Ballista Master being able to fire two shots consecutively, he could instantly kill a Zombie with 17 HP! And the Ballista had 200 HP and 10 Defense points, which was equivalent to a Level 7 Weapon, so what if there were more Zombies?

The zombie crowd started moving toward Da Fei. Da Fei aimed at the most populated group—Release!

— Boom! Boom! Boom! The ballista fired twice, and the arrows whistled through the air!

— "-17" "-3" "-17" "-6"

The two zombies fell to the ground. The arrows pierced through them, dealing 3 points and 6 points of damage to the two zombies behind them! They also dealt a knockback effect!

This feeling was amazing! Keep going!

Da Fei tightened the loading of the loaded crossbow while nervously watching the movements of the tall zombies. They seemed to be moving slowly too, showing no signs of jumping. Great!

He finished filling and kept going. "14" "-7" -11 "" -10 "!

The two zombies with low HP fell. After the penetration, the two ballistae had a knockback effect on the zombies behind. This was like adding oil to the fire for the zombies, who only had a pitiful 4 Movement Speed!

— System Message: You found incomplete information on the Assault Zombie!

He hit the big guy! Know yourself, know your enemy, and you won't win. There's plenty of time to watch the ballista! Da Fei opened the information panel as fast as he could.

— Assault Zombie.

Type: Small Undead Leader Unit.

Attack:?

Defense: 2

Health:?

Damage: "?"

Attack Speed:?

Movement Speed: 4

Special skill: Heavy Weapon, Intermediate Defense Skill?

• • •

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock!

Leader unit! What the heck, it really is a boss! It's a heavy weapon! Da Fei looked up in shock and saw the boss staggering toward him with an axe!

What was a heavy weapon? For example, Da Fei's spearmen skill was a long weapon. If I could hit you, you wouldn't be able to reach me. Heavy weapons were axes and hammers. The special skill's effect was to deal damage to large-sized creatures, city gates, and war machines. If it was a ballista, the damage would be doubled!

So these six bosses specialized in dealing with ballistae! Da Fei was stunned!

If this boss had 200 HP and had the same stats as the zombie upstairs, maybe it could fight one, but fighting two would be impossible, much less six! How could the system set up a testing ground a rookie couldn't beat? Could the trial of a Godly Hero pick six bosses? Wasn't this nonsense?

Unless the boss didn't have that much HP! But the leader's HP wouldn't be low. Even if it only had 100 HP, he couldn't beat six of them! Unless the boss's damage wasn't high! But the leader's HP wasn't that high, it was still at the level of a Level 5 or 6 soldier. If the Double Demolition hit him, he'd still be killed! Did he have to practice until he reached the Master-level, 600 HP, ballista?

But I have no way out! I can run, but I can't run! If the ballista is destroyed, I won't have any parts to fix! How am I supposed to survive without the ballista? This is ridiculous. Even if I upgraded to a Master-level ballista, it'd be useless! Without enough parts, the ballista's HP would only show 200 / 600. I don't have enough HP! I might not survive either.

Was he supposed to use his wits? Looking at the zombie horde slowly approaching him, Da Fei broke out in a cold sweat. He tried to recall all sorts of god-level reversals in the history of the game! It was nothing more than terrain, kiting, guerrilla warfare, etc! Kiting, guerrilla warfare, etc. It was impossible. There was only this kind of terrain. Block?

That's right, he was stuck!

Wahahaha! I see! Suddenly understanding the situation, Dafei let out a laugh and fired two shots at a boss without hesitation. "-20!" "-22!"

…