Chapter 12: Self-Evolved Shipwrecking Boss

Shumilouco

Da Fei returned to the deserted island, where he'd been gone for three days. The deck of the sunken ship was completely empty. Where was he? Did he kill his way into the cabin? Did he go offline to eat?

Without thinking too much, Da Fei used Stealth Move. His body became blurry and dim, blending perfectly with the darkness of the night. Then, he climbed onto the boat with the dangling cable, leaving a pile of bones on the deck. He really made it into the cabin!

Da Fei followed closely behind the cabin. There were corpses of zombies along the way. Let's go take a look!

What should he do after seeing it?

He had to act according to the situation! Players who had played Thief before knew how it felt to spy on someone without them noticing! As a Thief, spying was fun.

Of course, as a Bandit, his greatest joy should be in the tightly locked rooms on either side of the aisle, right? Da Fei thought of how he could pick up a skill book and a mission diary whenever he was out in the wild. Who knew what was in these rooms? That was to say, he had to learn Lock Picking!

"F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck!" Roars filled with anger came from the front. Da Fei rushed forward and was shocked!

Boss! This Raging Sea of Blood was surrounded by zombies and killed the boss with all sorts of curses! Oh no, he was so powerful!

Da Fei couldn't stay calm anymore! He made a killing on the beach in the wilderness by killing a poor Boss. The Boss in the sunken ship was incredible! Look at what the Boss was holding. Was it a Dark Magic Book that recorded all Dark Magic? How could something like this appear in the Newcomer's Trial Grounds? Was this the high-end reward for the Godly Hero Player's Trial Grounds? This was an [A] Class Strategy Treasure! This kind of Magic Book had its own mana, it could allow an ignorant noob to cast spells without any mana or magic skills requirements!

For people who specialized in dark spells, this book wasn't very valuable, but for people in other disciplines, it was like having an extra full set of dark skills! This was especially important for players who didn't know magic! If a new player could get a full set of dark spells at the start of the game, wouldn't it be as easy as sitting on a rocket to level up and do missions in the future? If this book was sold online, it'd cost at least 100 thousand yuan!

By now, Raging Sea of Blood and the boss didn't have much health left!

Oh no, the boss was dying! He missed!

Da Fei made the decision to charge forward!

There was nothing to talk about. The online game was always about killing! Stealing treasures! Stealing bosses!

He had done this kind of thing before. It didn't matter if his character was bad or not. He didn't care if he was disloyal or not, nor did he care about internet-addicted healing. The game was his job now. When it came to things like this, which concerned his future, he wouldn't hesitate! Successors always climbed on the shoulders of the losers. No one cared about the losers' character. He'd wait until he was rich before he could build a character. As long as he got the book, his Godly Hero would be trash. He wasn't afraid of his revenge. He'd die a million times over!

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood, who had no idea the black gun was coming at him, made another "missed" slash! He missed again!

Raging Sea of Blood's face instantly turned pale!

Da Fei's heart stopped beating!

Wait! Raging Sea of Blood realized he had one last chance! The previous attack missed too, and the special skill, Phantom's Void Body, couldn't be used more than three times. This meant he'd hit the target the next time! Although he couldn't survive the next attack with his HP low, with his attack speed, the next attack would definitely end in mutual destruction. If they both died, he'd get the treasure! This was the right move! It was over. He had the grimoire!

"F*ck you!!!" With a flash of cold light, Raging Sea of Blood used his final attack.

At the same time, the zombies attacking him also used their claws! Da Fei was indeed one step away from Raging Sea of Blood's back!

Da Fei was filled with regret—it was over! Even if he was killed now, he wouldn't be able to stop the Boss from dying! The Boss' treasure would naturally fly into the players' pockets! He was one step too late!! He should have run all the way to the ship!

Right at this moment, the spellbook flashed with black light. The wraith's body flashed with white light, and a bright green "+ 10!" appeared.

Wraith Special Skill: The Wraith could absorb the enemy's mana to recover its own health. It could only be used once in a battle. Although Raging Sea of Blood didn't have any mana, he had a spellbook!

Raging Sea of Blood's crazy laughter stopped! His attack dealt -5 points of damage to the vengeful spirit. Then, he was hit by the zombies surrounding him. With a stunned expression, he turned into white light and died!

Wow! Da Fei was overjoyed by the sudden change.

Great! He died a great death! Saves me some reputation from killing people! I don't need to stab nameless rats with my spear! There's nothing else to say. I'll take the boss with only a few HP left!

Da Fei rushed into the room in joy. He stepped forward, raised his gun, ignored the zombie, and stabbed the boss!!!

— "-3!" He didn't die, he still had 3 HP, he needed another shot! At this moment, the grimoire flashed! The whole room was filled with black smoke!

— System Message: You have received a complete information card for evil spirits!

What happened? An evil spirit?

When the black light dissipated, an evil spirit with full health appeared in the room! Da Fei's jaw dropped!

What the heck?! What happened?! Not only did he have full HP, but he also went from a wraith to an evil spirit!

— Evil Spirit: Attack: 5, Defense: 6, Damage: 5-7, Health: 25, Attack Speed: 10, Speed: 15, Command Value: 2, Special Skill: Bodyless, Absorbs Magic, Self Recovery.

Evil Spirit, the elite form of a level-three Undead soldier!

In the game, every race and army had three forms. The Undead level-three soldiers had three forms: Phantom, Wraith, and Evil Spirit. Spirits were weaker in ordinary forms; Wraiths had one extra skill in advanced forms, and Evil Spirit had one extra skill in elite forms.

Taking the Holy Church's spearmen as an example, Da Fei, who was born with 0 Attack and 0 Defense and no armor, was in his normal form. The Advanced Form was called a regular spearmen, with a few more Attack and Defense points. The Elite Form was called the Royal spearmen. They wore shiny armor and were completely different from the ordinary forms of peasants with guns!

Elite troops were the foundation of the NPC power in the Old World. Normal players couldn't directly hire them from the main cities or the barracks, nor could they train them in their own castles. NPCs needed to reach a certain level of official rank in order to get their hands on them. It was because NPCs had elite troops that players would be at a huge disadvantage when fighting NPCs. In short, don't mess with NPCs. When they died, they'd lose experience, and when their soldiers died, they'd have to buy them with gold coins.

Every time a player leveled up to 10 levels, or acquired an army official position, they would gain more tactical slots. One tactical slot could only control one unit. As for the elite and advanced forms, although there was a big difference between the normal forms, they were the same type of unit, so a tactical slot could be used to combine these three types of units.

For the Undead race, the high-level Skeleton Archer and the Normal-level Skeleton Warrior, these two types of units with completely different functions, could be combined into one tactical position, creating a very efficient strategy for combining long-range, short-range, and short-range attacks. This was because while long-range attacks had a hard time hitting an enemy while running, if the enemy fought the enemy in close combat, the enemy would become a dead target, with one target hitting the target. In short, everyone in the game knew the advantages of long-range attacks. As a result, the Undead race was the most popular race among the human players in the world. It was convenient to start the game. As for the popularity of the human race, there was no need to think. It was easy to get familiar with them.

• • •

Now, facing the Boss which suddenly became an evil spirit, Da Fei recovered from his shock—run! What else could he do?

Da Fei, however, was an expert with many years of gaming experience. He knew he couldn't just run back the way he came, or he'd be hit by all the curses! He couldn't fight a boss head-on like his Godly Hero, who was cursed all over!

Before the boss seemed to get used to the new environment, Da Fei made a turn and went deeper into the cabin.

• • •

Raging Sea of Blood revived in the coconut tree forest on the deserted island. He waited impatiently for the 10 minutes of weakness to pass. If he knew his butt was almost stabbed, he'd be even more irritated. The death just now had pushed him back to level 5, and the system had taken back the attribute points for the upgrade. Luckily, the curse on his body had disappeared after he died, or he'd have smashed the machine right now!

Raging Sea of Blood began to painfully reflect on the Boss, which could heal him once. Obviously, this Boss would grow stronger as he grew. He needed to find a good opportunity to challenge it.

One of the reasons he was at a disadvantage this time was the Zombie. Although the Zombie's attack was low and its attack speed was slow, it didn't mean he could ignore it. Then, he would have to learn the Master-level attack skill Cleave.

— Clever Slash: Passive skill. After killing an enemy, the aftershock of the attack could be used to attack a nearby enemy. For example, after killing an enemy with only 1 HP left with 5 points of damage, the remaining 4 points would be used on the enemy's allies. The larger the target, the better the Clever Slash effect. Many large units have Clever Slash skills. Prerequisite for learning: You must master the Master-level Attack Skill.

Attack Skill was a must-have skill! The advantage of this skill was that if he missed the ghost boss, all of the damage would hit the zombie next to the boss.

In other words, he needed to reach level 7 to earn a skill point.

Wait! Suddenly, Raging Sea of Blood thought of a crucial question. If I had better equipment, I would have taken it down a long time ago. Why did I keep targeting this boss? There must be weapons and equipment in the shipwreck, right? If I went around it and rushed into the cabin, I could pick up some equipment, right? I could kill the boss after I got the equipment!

"D * mn! I'm so sorry for my health!" Raging Sea of Blood, who had just figured it out, got up angrily. He couldn't wait to go on his way!

"Yes."