Chapter 11: Sinking Ship, I'M Back

Da Fei rented a place in a small market in the suburbs. There were all kinds of food, restaurants, grocery shops, and hair salons on the street downstairs. It was a place with all sorts of people. The rent here wasn't much cheaper. Big cities weren't easy to survive in these days. But it would be different in the future. He'd be rich!

Da Fei, in a good mood, ordered a plate of stir-fried meat from the restaurant downstairs. He was supposed to drink a little, but since he was probably staying up all night, he didn't mind.

Should Xiao Li be studying at this time? It was a holiday, but Xiao Li was a good student who studied hard. She was a genius at taking up space in the study room. She was much better than Da Fei, who used to dominate the internet cafe. Xiao Li also had a good habit of not turning on her phone during self-study. It was because of this that Da Fei had the chance to hook up with her dorm mates!

Da Fei called Xiao Li's dorm. After a while, when he thought the dorm was empty, the call went through.

"Hello! Who are you looking for?"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. It was Xiaofang! She was the number one homebody in Xiaoli's dorm! He'd seen her when he sent her stuff at school! She was a bespectacled beauty! He heard she basically stayed in the dorm all day, playing online games, and never left the dorm! Even so, she didn't lose any credits. She was a rare talent! But as a homebody, why did she take so long to answer the phone? Did she go to the bathroom?

Da Fei chuckled with a greedy expression. "Xiaofang, it's me!" Hehe, his sister's brother was obviously his classmate's brother too!

Xiaofang laughed. "Oh, it's you. What is it?"

Oh! This voice is so seductive! Calling him big brother is not affectionate, call him big brother!

Dafei also chuckled. "Um, you haven't gone home since the holiday?"

Xiaofang smiled. "I feel uncomfortable at home. Xiao Li went to study. I'll pass on whatever you want to her!"

Well, let's chat a little longer. Why get to the point so quickly?

Da Fei was disappointed. "Um, when is Xiao Li's train ticket? I'll bring her something."

Xiaofang answered, "Probably the day after tomorrow at noon. You can find out which trip it is. Is there anything else? If not, I'll hang up."

Um, Xiaofang seemed very busy today? Da Fei chuckled. "Thanks, I'm fine!"

"Goodbye, Big Bro!" The call was hung up.

Da Fei smiled bitterly and shook his head. Female students these days were really smart. They'd already seen through his intention of hitting on them. His older brother would inevitably become their laughing stock. Xiao Li also talked about him a lot, but it couldn't be helped. He was lonely! When he got rich, he'd buy a seascape house and marry a pretty junior! Xiao Fang was great! Hehe, hehehe…

• • •

After dinner, Dafei went online.

It was getting late, but the sound of the waves was still the same. Da Fei used to it and took out his binoculars. He saw that Raging Sea of Blood wasn't fighting anymore. He was resting on the island to recover his HP. Right, it was time to stop. He didn't believe Raging Sea of Blood would have enough stamina.

As night fell, the tide receded. Da Fei, who had been waiting for a while, stood up. Starting tonight, he would fight his way back to the Shipwrecking Overlord! Hehe!

Before Da Fei left, he chuckled at the pile of bones. "Thanks, Uncle Juan!"

Now, Da Fei's damage was 4-6. It was much easier against a Sea Anemone with 0 Defense and 11 HP. He could kill it with two or three shots, unlike before he leveled up. If he wasn't lucky, he could deal at least five or six shots without killing a single Sea Anemone. How could his efficiency increase by more than two or three times? It seemed like the enchantment toxin effect didn't work on the Sea Anemone.

It didn't matter. Level 6, wait for me! Wahahaha!

• • •

Shipwrecks.

For Raging Sea of Blood, the two hours he spent under the various curses were as long and grueling as a day in real life. He could tolerate other curses, but the delaying effect of slowing down his attack speed was too much. He had to take a stab each time he saw a skeleton. Killing a skeleton would take two or three stabs. Even if the skeleton only took away one of his health points, he only had 30 health points. If he killed eight or nine skeletons, he'd have to go ashore to recover his health. Almost one-third of the time was wasted on healing! The efficiency of leveling up was so low that Raging Sea of Blood wanted to smash the machine.

It was getting dark. Finally, the curse that lasted the whole day had disappeared. There were more skeletons on the deck. He could kill monsters without getting injured again. Raging Sea of Blood's anger, which he had been holding back for the whole day, finally erupted! 50 Slashes! 100 Slashes! 200 Slashes!

Finally, with a flash of golden light, he reached level 6!

Raging Sea of Blood upgraded his skill to Master-level Attack Skill, increasing his melee damage by 50%. He could use Free Attribute Points to increase his attack power. He could kill the boss in his current state!

Raging Sea of Blood laughed. "Magic Book, here I come!"

Only by experiencing the pain of black magic himself could he experience the thrill of torturing others!

Raging Sea of Blood fought his way into the cabin, only to realize that the skeletons had no more successors. Hm? They weren't summoning him anymore? Just as he was feeling confused, heavy footsteps came from the hallway. These weren't the clanging of skeletons!

Raging Sea of Blood frowned and became fully alert! It appeared, it was a zombie!

Raging Sea of Blood cursed in shock. "F*ck, why is it a zombie?"

— Zombie: Attack: 1, Defense: 2, Damage: 1-2, Health: 17, Attack Speed: Very Slow: 6, Movement Speed: 4, Experience: 10, Command Value: 1, Special Skill: Intermediate Defense Skill.

Zombies were known as Level 2 Undead Soldiers, and they were known as the protagonists of Doomsday! In this game, Zombies' Attack, Defense, Attack, and Movement Speed were all considered trash among Level 2 Soldiers, and they weren't even as good as Level 1 Soldiers. However, they had 17 HP and had an intermediate Defense Skill with 20% Melee Damage Reduction. With a high yield and low price, they became the strongest cannon fodder among the low-level Soldiers! Of course, they were also the most popular experience points among the creeps!

Looking at the moving bodies, the shocked Raging Sea of Blood didn't treat them as experience points at all!

How did this happen? Did I level up, and so did the boss's summoned creature? This was a 17 HP Zombie, not a 5 HP Skeleton that he could kill in one hit! Killing one would take at least 3 hits! Raging Sea of Blood quickly calculated the price of killing a Zombie.

The Zombie had an Attack Speed of 6, his Attack Speed was 12, and he had to cut it twice to make it fight back. Its 2 points of Defense offset 2 points of Attack, while his 4-7 damage dealt 5-9 damage. Its Intermediate Defense negated 30% of the damage from his Second-Level Attack Skill, so the final damage was 65-11! If it was fast, it could be two strikes, if it was slow, it could be three strikes! Whether it was two strikes or three strikes, he had to take one strike. If he was cursed, it could be three or four strikes…

No! It couldn't be counted like this! Zombies dealt less damage than skeletons, but their attack speed was almost twice as fast. I could totally ignore the zombies' attacks and attack the boss! It meant the summoned creature was stronger, but fighting the boss was easier!

At this moment, the first zombie walked toward Raging Sea of Blood. Raging Sea of Blood raised his knife and slashed the zombie twice, knocking it to the ground. Before the zombie died, it also dealt 1 damage to Raging Sea of Blood.

Raging Sea of Blood was so angry! Why was his Attack Speed 12 and not 121? If he had just a little bit more speed, even if it was more than 10001, he could break through this critical point and take down the zombie with two strikes! At this rate, he wouldn't have full HP when he reached the boss!

As long as he had 24 HP left, he could kill the ghost with 16 HP even if he was cursed!

As a result, Raging Sea of Blood killed his way to the cabin where the grimoire was. This time, he was stunned!

The boss had leveled up too! It was no longer a ghost with 16 HP, but a high-level specter!

— Wraith: Attack: 4, Defense: 5, Damage: 4-6, Health: 20, Attack Speed: 8, Movement Speed: 15, Command Value: 2, Special Skill: Bodyless, Absorbs Magic.

— Mana Absorption: The Wraith can absorb the enemy's mana to recover its own health. It can only be used once in a battle.

Isn't it just a little more HP, a little more damage, and a little more attack and defense? I'm not afraid of you absorbing magic without my mana. I'll do it! Raging Sea of Blood gritted his teeth and charged forward with all the curses…

• • •

At the low tide beach, after countless sea anemones fell, a golden light flashed above Da Fei's head!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 6! Your Health + 2, you have received 1 Strategy Attribute, 1 Skill Point, and your Command Power + 1.

Da Fei breathed a sigh of relief. He had been hiding in the game for three days now. He finally made a name for himself! Da Fei opened the Reconnaissance Skill book. There was a flash of golden light!

— System Message: You used some Skill Points to learn Reconnaissance Skill sub-skill "Stealth"!

— Stealth Move: allows the hero to be undetected by enemies and monsters within a certain range. The effect is related to the level of Reconnaissance Skill, the monster's level, the time, and the terrain. When using Stealth Move, the hero is not allowed to lead any troops. Learning prerequisite: Advanced Reconnaissance Skill.

This was Stealth! It was a core skill that all adventure and treasure-hunting players had to learn! It was also the most charismatic skill in the whole Reconnaissance Skill! It was also an indispensable skill in various Bandit-themed games, equivalent to "Invisibility." From a practical point of view, this skill was definitely a godly skill, right? However, in this game, it wasn't easy to use Stealth in broad daylight. At least, it couldn't make people blind in broad daylight. He needed to use the shadows of corner obstacles to enhance the effect.

He had 30 HP now, and the damage of 4-6 was no weaker than his Godly Hero, Paralysis Poison. Now that he learned Stealth, he could attack, retreat, or dodge, why should he be afraid of a Godly Hero?

I'm back!

Before he left, Dafei waved at the sea anemones. "Sea anemones, you've worked hard!"

…