Chapter 16: Learning War Machine Studies

Shumilouco

Players' heroes used ballistae. If they had soldiers, they could ask a soldier to fire the ballistae. The damage from the ballistae was still considered a hero. If there were no soldiers, they would have to operate the ballistae themselves. It was like driving a tank. It was pretty cool, especially with a master-level ballistae, which had 30 Defense and 600 HP. It was the thrill of being an invincible tank!

Unfortunately, Da Fei's "tank" was far from this level. The Ballista, which only had less than half of its health left, was in danger! If he lost the Ballista, Da Fei would be finished.

Da Fei didn't have time to think. When the Zombie was knocked back, he quickly loaded the third arrow!

At this moment, the zombie, which had been pushed back 10 meters, stood up unsteadily and made another bow!

What the heck! He could jump! Why was he fighting? What kind of zombie was this? Why was it like the Jump Devil? Da Fei's mind went blank as he watched the meatball fly toward him.

— Boom! The Ballista shook again!

The ballista didn't explode! The damage wasn't as high as last time! The ballista only had 5 HP left!

Da Fei was overjoyed at the unexpected turn of events. He didn't say anything—fire!

— Boom!!! The arrow went through the target! -55!!! But it didn't send the target flying again!

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock. The Ballista's damage had increased again! Could it be that the Zombie's attack was actually the Jump Devil's signature skill, Catapult Attack—the farther you jumped, the more damage you dealt, and the more damage you suffered?

The battle was over in the nick of time. Dafei no longer had time to look at the information he collected. If even the Sea Anemone King knew how to launch attacks in this weird place, why not the zombies?

Da Fei thought quickly and stopped loading the arrows. He immediately stood up and stabbed the Zombie in front of him! Since the Ballista had an Attack Speed of 5 and the Zombie had an Attack Speed of 6, there was no way he could beat the Zombie in the next round! It was better to fight in close combat!

One shot—"-16!"

Looking at his basic damage of 4-7, Da Fei was shocked that poison enchantment could only deal 16 points of damage to the Undead due to its ineffective effect on the Undead. Yes, this was indeed the after-effect of an ejection attack.

Da Fei didn't hesitate to fire a second shot! The Zombie had already started waving its claws! Although the Pikeman's 10-hit was much faster than the Zombie's 6-hit attack, it wasn't twice as fast. It was just one attack at a time.

But it didn't matter. The advantage of a gunman was its long weapon. If I could hit it, it wouldn't be able to hit me, so the target of the zombie's claws must be the Ballista, which was loaded with aggro!

— Boom!!! -5! The Ballista collapsed! Da Fei took away the Zombie -16 HP again!

Now that the tank was gone, the battle between the commanders began!

Da Fei stabbed the Zombie again, and the Zombie began to move toward Da Fei. Since the Zombie couldn't reach Da Fei yet, it didn't needlessly swing its claws. It charged forward!

"-16!" Da Fei's last attack!

Now, Da Fei had taken down a total of 155 points of the Boss' health! He had used up all of his cards. The only thing left was to fight each other!

Based on how the Boss killed Raging Sea of Blood with a single swipe last night, his 32 HP was only enough to take a hit or two from it. With his 10 Attack Speed, he could fire three times before the Zombie hit him twice! This was the difference in Attack Speed. If it was just one attack, there would be a difference, but if he attacked more, the difference would be obvious! This was Da Fei's final advantage!

If he couldn't kill the boss with three shots, the boss had too much HP. Da Fei had nothing to say. Three shots to decide the winner!

"-16!" Da Fei launched his first attack!

"-20" The Zombie Returns! Da Fei only had 12 HP left.

"-16!" After receiving the zombie's attack, Da Fei followed up with a second shot!

Then, the final shot—Da Fei closed his eyes nervously!

— "-13!" A golden light descended from the sky!

Da Fei was so excited he opened his eyes!

— System Message: You have killed the Swift Zombie, gain experience + 6000! You have received the item, "Combat Machine Skill Book," "Combat Machine Parts Storage Pack," "Artillery Chief Grint's Nautical Log (Quest Item)," "Cargo Port Key."

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 8! You have received 1 Free Strategy Attribute, 1 Skill Point, Health + 2, Command Power + 1.

— System Message: You have further collected information on the Swift Zombie!

— System Message: You have completed Progress of "Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins," 2 / 10.

• • •

Hahaha! Wahahaha! Da Fei laughed excitedly! He won! He won! The skill book was with him! He even gave the space package! He really did have the key to clear the level! He had been waiting for this, he wanted to see what this so-called Artillery Chief's attributes were!

— Swift Zombie: Small Undead Leader unit; Attack: 10, Defense: 2, Basic Damage: 10-20, Health: 200, Attack Speed: 6, Movement Speed: 4, Command Value:?, Experience: 6000, Special Skill: Catapult Attack.

It was indeed an ejection attack! He was an expert at predicting things! Wahahaha, he knew he was an expert. There was a reason he succeeded! He was amazing!

How odd were these types of soldiers with such a wide attack and defense? They didn't have the usual Zombie Defense Skills or Disease Skills? The fluctuation in damage was somewhere between Level 4 and Level 6. It was too odd!

Whatever, there were all sorts of bosses. It was hard to say. He just needed to win! This information could be used to make money.

Da Fei let out a long sigh of relief! This life, when he was down on his luck, it was like he was on a boat with a wind, a house, and a raindrop. When he was down, good things came in pairs. From one victory to another, his luck was really changing!

After thinking about his life, Da Fei calmed down and started checking his loot.

First, of course, it's this golden skill book for the Study of the War Machines. I'm sure this is the hardest skill book to get in the whole world! It's so easy for ordinary players to learn skills. They could just go to a machine shop in a big city and pay for it. They don't have to fight Bosses like me.

So, in order to live up to his hard work, he had to learn it! He had two Skill Points to level up. One was for learning the War Machine, and the other was for learning the Ballista.

Da Fei opened the book. There was a flash of golden light!

— System Message: You have learned Elementary Study of War Machines. You have improved the durability and usage of ballistas, siege engines, and medical tents. You can also repair damaged war machines.

Basic War Machine's Ballista Attribute: Attack 10, Defense 10, Basic Damage 2-3 (Total Damage = Basic Damage x Hero's total attributes), Health 200, Attack 5, Movement Speed 1, Special Skill: Knock Back, Piercing.

— Ballista Master: The Ballista can fire two arrows in a row.

The Ballista had been fired twice! From now on, he could be considered to have entered the mechanical style! With the Ballista, 10 consecutive wins for Lonely Hero would be a piece of cake. Wahahaha!

Then, he looked at the equipment he got.

— War Machine parts storage space bag: A space bag that allows players to carry War Machine parts.

There was nothing to say about this. It was a must-have for players in the mechanical style, and it was a must-have for the machine shop of the system. It was related to the war machine as a bowl and chopsticks.

The war machine was too slow and too big to travel on rough terrain, so the solution was to dismantle the war machine into parts and pack them, then assemble them during the war. In other words, every battle took 10 minutes to install, 10 minutes to dismantle, or at least 20 minutes, while a day in the game took 24 hours! How many battles could he fight a day?

Was this a pain in the ass? A pain in the ass! But this was the price to pay for being powerful. If you thought of how real wars in ancient times transported supplies, it wouldn't be a pain in the ass! After all, in ancient times, the Ottoman Navy dismantled ships into parts and transported them across the desert to the Red Sea. Back then, there was no space pack.

However, books, bags, crossbows, and other stuff could be found by ordinary Mechanic players on a regular basis. I spent so much effort to kill a boss, and I only got these things? Is this the key? The key to the treasure vault? Or is it in this logbook?

He'd look at the diary first. Maybe he'd get another Epic Mission? Another God-level skill? It'd be best if it was a God-level skill. He'd rather forget about the Epic Mission. He wanted to make money peacefully, and he really didn't want to mess up those Epic Missions. But there was nothing he could do about the free missions! Was he worried about his wife and daughter?

With the experience from the last Voyager journal, Da Fei began to flip to the first page of the journal.

— January 1, Year 150. This is a holy and glorious day. This is the holy moment for the launch of our St. Anthony! With His Majesty's approval, I, with excellent grades, became the Artillery Chief of St. Anthony. The safety of the entire ship is on me. I will not fail His Majesty's trust! From today on, I will record every day of our Grand Line in detail!

— January 2, Year 150. Sunny. Our boat is on a safe sea. The speech sent by His Majesty yesterday excited me, so I won't be lazy in the safe sea. I'll start the first round of training with my gunners!

— January 3, Year 150. Qing. Training!

— January 4, Year 150. Yin. Training!

— January 5th, Year 150. Training!

— January 6, Year 150. Clear. No enemies today.

Eh? Not training anymore?

• • •

— February 1st, Year 150. Nothing.

— February 2nd, Year 150. Nothing.

— February 3, Year 150. Nothing.

— February 6th, Year 150. Sunny. Boring.

F*ck! Didn't you say you'd record every day? Do you know how boring it is? Can you record something interesting? Where's the God-level skill? Keep looking!

"Yes."