Chapter 14: Ballista In The Artillery Cabin

Taking advantage of the darkness and chaos, Da Fei rushed into the next cabin, which looked like a dorm. He squatted next to the door, not daring to breathe too loudly.

The boss should have returned by now, right? Da Fei secretly looked over his shoulder. As expected, the back of the boss blocked the exit again. The Reconnaissance Skill didn't call the police either, which meant it couldn't guard against anything behind it.

Da Fei breathed a sigh of relief. It was time to search the warehouse. Hopefully, he could find something.

Da Fei leaned against the wall and carefully started searching. There was no putrid smell in the cabin. Instead, there was a faint smell of engine oil.

— System Message: You found a broken ballista. (It's a large item, you can't carry it with you.)

Da Fei was stunned! Ballista? The famous Ballista in the Study of the War Machines?

Da Fei took a closer look. Yes! This was a damaged ballista! The Ballista known as the Boss Killer!

— System Message: You found the Ballista Potion. (Large Item, unavailable at all times)

— System Message: You found a mechanical repair tool.

— System Message: You found the fishing rod.

There was also ammunition! And repairing tools! Could this ballista be usable? Right, how could an explorer ship not be armed at sea? There was a lot of wind at sea, so bows and arrows weren't easy to use. Ballistas were the main weapons! This meant this was the ship's gun compartment! The ships in this game were all built in the same style. In the movies, two fleets would attack each other in a row, and the cannons on the ships would open. Then, they'd attack each other and see who had more cannons and who was more durable!

If this was the case, there might be more than one ballista in the gun cabin! Da Fei continued to search in the dark. He found 16 more ballistae, eight on each side. They had all the ammunition, but none of them were intact or seriously damaged!

There seemed to be no enemies in the gun cabin. There was a locked metal door at the end of the gun cabin. There was nowhere to go. According to the usual game rules, the only way out was to kill the boss.

I understand!

As an experienced gamer, why did this kind of scene appear in a novice village? To teach newbies how to use the War Machine, and to give away ballistae! In this deserted novice village, this was how his Reconnaissance Skill came about. Of course, the ballistae had the same style!

If a regular player chose to start with the War Machine Skill, they'd be at the machine shop in the city, taking on missions or becoming an apprentice to earn money for the discount ballista, right? The only difference between this and the workshop in the city was that there were no tutors here, so they had to learn on their own!

As usual, if he found the War Machine Skill Book, he'd probably put it somewhere in the cabin!

As long as he had the skill book, he could fix these ballistae. The powerful ballistae had the repelling penetration property, so defeating the powerful zombie at the entrance wasn't impossible!

Of course, even if it wasn't to kill the Zombie Boss, for Da Fei, who was determined to go out to sea, a war machine was a battle skill he should learn. When his Reconnaissance Skill, Nautical Skill, and Nautical Skill weren't as good as the pirates', the Ballista would be his last line of defense. When he encountered sea monsters, he'd need powerful self-preservation weapons like the Ballista.

He wanted to introduce the Study of War Machines.

— Study of the War Machines: Improve the durability and usage of ballistas, siege engines, medical tents, and repair damaged war machines.

The sub-skill for the Study of War Machines was usually Ballista Master, Siege Master, Tent Master, Battle Repair, and Explosion. The Study of War Machines covered three types of machines, and there were many dazzling sub-skill combinations with other skills, such as Triple Crossbow, Burning Crossbow, Infused Magic Crossbow, Sulfur Rain, Plague Tent, Plague Siege Machine, Machine Destruction, etc. It would take a lot of skill points to learn all of these skills.

The war machine wasn't affected by the Hero's Attack, Defense, and other Battle Skills, and each machine player could only bring one, so there was no need to spend too much Skill Points on a machine. Most players chose Ballista Masters or Tent Masters. As for Siege Masters, there was too much to think about. Siege wasn't something players should think about right now.

Then, they talked about ballistas.

— Ballista: Attack: 5, Defense: 5, Health: 100, Basic Damage: 1-2, Attack Speed: 5, Movement Speed: 1, Special Skill: Knock Back, Piercing.

— Knockback: Enemies hit by the ballista have a chance of being knocked back.

— Stinger: After a Ballista kills an enemy, the attack will hit the enemy behind the target.

This was the attribute of the Ballista. For every level up in the Study of the War Machines, the Ballista would gain 5 Attack and Defense, + 1 Basic Damage, and 100 Health Points.

While the Ballista's Attack and Defense were not enhanced by the hero's Attack and Defense attributes, the damage of the Ballista was related to the hero's Attribute Points. Unlike the calculation of normal weapons, the damage of the Ballista = the basic damage of the Ballista x the hero's Strategy Attribute.

For example, at Level 6, Da Fei now had 5 Attack, 0 Defense, 0 Magic, and 0 Knowledge. The total strategic attribute of a hero was 5, and the Ballista's damage was 5-10, reaching the level of a Level 4 Soldier. This formula meant that the stronger the hero was, the better he knew how to play with the Ballista.

Therefore, even if he wasn't a hero who majored in combat skills, as long as his level was high, he could still use the power of the Ballista. Even if Da Fei wanted to be a merchant, learning the Ballista wouldn't be a loss.

If he learned the Master-level War Machine, the Ballista's attributes would be: Attack: 30, Defense: 30, Health: 600, Basic Damage: 6-7. If Da Fei, with 5 total attributes, used the Ballista, the Damage would be 30-35. This Damage was almost at the level of a Level 7 Weapon! If he learned the sub-skill Ballista Master, he could fire two consecutive shots, which would double the Damage!

In other words, if a new player learned the ballista at the start, it was equivalent to having a Level 7 soldier with him. Without occupying the hero's tactical space, there would be an extra soldier. For a new player at the beginning, this would be a powerful long-range attack. They could challenge stronger monsters, especially long-range monsters that ordinary players didn't dare to touch.

Therefore, during the Open Beta, players who started with ballistas or medical tents were collectively known as the Mechanical Style, which gave them a clear advantage.

If a player reached level 30, the total Strategy Attribute Points earned from leveling up would reach 50, and the Ballista's final damage would reach 300-350, far exceeding any typical soldier's. It was so high that it was hard to look at! One shot could kill a Level 7 soldier, and countless ordinary soldiers would be killed with one shot. Being bombarded by the Ballista at sea was a test of the ship's quality!

In short, the Ballista, known as the Boss Killer, was like a Boss! Of course, players could only bring one Boss like this.

It was time to talk about the weakness of the ballista.

While the ballista was like a boss's, it was too big and hard to aim. It didn't have a high hit rate on mobile enemies, and it was slow. If the enemy got close enough to the back of the ballista, they'd be helpless. There was no way around a flying soldier.

During the open beta testing period, the Ballista was valued at 600 HP as a punching bag, attracting the first round of bombardment by the enemy's magic army. In short, it made a lot of money. In the end, the Ballista became less noticeable.

Then, the biggest drawback was that the Ballista only had 1 Movement Speed! That was to say, the maximum Movement Speed of 1m per second was like crawling on a turtle with the ballista. Even if a player learned Master-level Logistics Skill, they wouldn't be that fast. They could only walk the main road, not the side roads! Of course, the solution was to disassemble the ballista into parts, but before the battle, it would take a long time to reassemble. If the enemy noticed the ballista during the assembly process and rushed over, they could pretend they didn't learn this skill.

After that, he needed to carry spare parts for the ballista, which was expensive.

In the end, players with ballistae could only win the war and not be defeated. If they were defeated… hehe, they wouldn't have to worry about moving slowly anymore.

In short, the Ballista could provide enormous combat support to players in the early stages of the game, and it could also crush players' balls. How to use it would depend on the players' training.

For Da Fei, these flaws didn't exist. A sea battle was completely different from a land battle.

The ship was a mobile castle. As long as he could get his hands on the ship, the ballista would be launched in the gun compartment. If the enemy wanted to get rid of the ballista, they'd have to destroy the gun compartment first, and the body of the ship outside the gun compartment was where the armor of the entire ship was the thickest. Thus, he didn't need to worry about the ballista being disabled at the start of the game.

Moving wasn't a problem. Cannon fire followed the boat.

It was even easier to hit the target. A naval battle target was a pirate ship. Even if he was blind, he didn't have to worry about hitting the target, right?

In fact, all the super cannons in history were equipped on the ship. Only the ship was the true home of the ballistae. Da Fei had to learn this skill!

• • •

After half a day of searching, Da Fei finally found a book in a box! He looked closer and realized it wasn't a golden Skill Book, it was the "Manual for Maintaining and Repairing Ballistas"!

— '[Handbook of Maintenance and Repairing Skills for the Ballista]: An auxiliary item. Equipment with this item will receive the Ballista Disassembling Skill.'

Ha! So it was an equipment like the Dark Magic Book! I see!

In the game, in addition to the traditional weapons, armor, rings, and accessories, players also had accessories for auxiliary items, skills, morale, and luck.

While he didn't find any skill books for the Study of the War Machines, the effect of this equipment book was even better. This was because he didn't need skill points to learn it, as long as he had the equipment, it would work! If he really found a skill book, he wouldn't have any skill points, he'd just have to watch.

It seemed like the purpose of this scene was exactly what he had expected. He needed to dismantle all of the destroyed ballistae, then use the intact parts to create a new ballista! This was a gift for the ballistae! Why give the ballistae? He needed to kill the zombie boss at the door! It blocked the door with its back to me, waiting for me to blow up the chrysanthemum! Even without the support of the Study of War Machines, the ballistae would have 100 HP!

…