Chapter 10: Experts Are Trained By Killing Bosses Alone

Time passed quickly in the game. Night was almost over.

There was green fluid all over the giant whale's skull. Da Fei, who was so focused, couldn't remember how many tentacles he killed. When Da Fei carefully moved his head closer to the cave, the familiar wind didn't hit him! Was he done?

Looking from the inside, he could see the same greenery on the sand outside. More than 10 tentacle-like tentacles were wriggling on the ground, bubbling. Success! I killed all of its claws and teeth! The sea anemone without tentacles was like a toothless tiger. If I can't even win like this, I really can't win!

Da Fei walked out of the skull. Sensing Da Fei's approach, the tentacle struggled and started to move.

Hehe, there's no need to struggle. I'll end your suffering! Da Fei stood far away and shot again, nailing all the tentacles to the ground. The only thing left was his real body, right? There was nothing else to say. Da Fei plunged his spear into the sand. -2! A green liquid appeared!

No reaction? Da Fei excitedly shot again. -2!

He couldn't fight back? Haha! Wahahaha! This was the effect he wanted! Da Fei laughed with joy!

I told you, I'm an expert! How could a novice not be able to kill a monster? One-on-one with a boss! Since ancient times, this was the way to become an expert! This was the foundation for one victory after another! This was a good start, half of a successful life!

Da Fei continued to stab with his spear like a dragon, enjoying this hard-won victory!

The east was bright, the waves were like thunder, it was high tide!

Da Fei also fired the last shot! A golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: You killed the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King! You received 6000 experience points! You received the heart of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King! The seed of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 5! Your Health Points + 2, you received 1 Strategy Attribute, 1 Skill Point, + 1 Command Power, + 1 Basic Damage.

— System Message: You have gathered some information on the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King and improved the information card further.

— System Message: You have killed a leader-level monster with a higher level than you. You have won the achievement "Lone Warrior," which is a reward of + 10 Health Points and + 1 Personal Basic Damage. The next achievement, "Lone Warrior, 10 Victories in a Row," requires you to kill 10 leader-level monsters without any troops.

• • •

Looking at the line of expected system messages, Da Fei laughed again! This was a must-have reward for soloing a Boss! What he needed the most right now was damage. The Achievement Award gave him some damage, and now, at Level 5, there was more damage. This was a double blessing!

Da Fei's attributes:

Level 5, Attack: 4, Defense: 3 (Personal Defense: 3), Health: 28, Damage: 3-5, Attack Speed: 10, Movement Speed: 10, Command Power: 4, Reputation: 0, Tactical Position: 1, Stamina: 100.

Skills: Elementary Nautical Skill, Intermediate Reconnaissance Skill (Sub-skill Intelligence Gathering), 1 unassigned skill point.

Wahahaha! This was completely different from the day before, uh, just a few hours ago, when the weak Lancer dealt 1-3 damage and 10 HP! But then again, the Lancer wasn't weak. At least among the 5, 6, and 7 HP Level 1 Soldiers, 10 HP was enough to dominate everyone!

But it wasn't over yet! There were rewards for killing the boss!

— Heart of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King: Weapon enchantment, + 1 Paralysis Poison Damage.

— Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King seed: Soldier Source Base. It can cultivate new types of soldiers, the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone, under specific conditions. There is a small chance of cultivating the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King. Construction conditions: Unknown.

Da Fei was shocked! An army base to train new types of soldiers! That was the so-called army building!

Soldier Base was usually a blueprint. For example, after a player got the blueprint, they could apply to build it in a city or town in the kingdom. After spending 10 units of wood, 10 units of stone, and 1000 gold coins, the player could recruit spearmen at a low price at their own base, instead of hiring them from the NPC camp at a high price.

Of course, if players wanted to make money, they could hire gunnery instructors, etc. It was rare to see a military base like this.

Of course, the soldiers' base was a favorite among Overlord players, so the best way to deal with it was to sell it! During the Open Beta, a weird bow-playing dwarf instructor was valued at 100 thousand USD! That was hundreds of thousands of RMB! Not to mention the plant monsters were weird and insidious. Selling it for one million wouldn't be a problem, right? But the requirements for the soldiers' base were unknown? This affected the price?

Whatever! An army base was an army base. If he couldn't sell it for a million, he could sell it for 100 thousand yuan. If 100 thousand yuan didn't work, he'd sell it for 50 thousand yuan! Wahahaha, I'm rich! I'm rich! I knew I was doing the right thing as a professional gamer! I knew my luck from not winning the lottery for so many years would explode! When the market starts, I'll sell it!

Suddenly, Da Fei saw a few more barrels in the sand. What was this? He opened one of the barrels.

— System Message: You received 3 units of refined crystal sulfur!

Da Fei was shocked! It was a rare strategic resource! It was a resource only found in the New World. The Old World only had ordinary sulfur. One unit of refined crystal sulfur was equivalent to 10 units of ordinary sulfur. Oh no, he was rich again!

What did one unit mean? One unit meant 100 portions. What did it mean?

Soldiers needed to eat, drink, and consume resources. An ordinary soldier needed 1 portion of water and food every day, while a high-level soldier, like an angel, needed 1 portion of crystals and gems a day. One portion was the basic daily consumption standard.

And 1 unit = 100 portions. This game involved territory management and trade. Trading with NPCs required large-scale retail, less than 100 portions. Just like stock buying 100 shares = 1 portion, all transactions in the game were done in units, or so it was called. Players could only carry 10 units of resources at most, and the extra resources had to be transported by logistics vehicles. If lost, the logistics vehicles would fall into enemy hands.

Da Fei continued to open the bucket.

— System Message: You received 2 units of mythril!

Mythril! The mythril recorded in the diary! This was really from the ship!

— System Message: You received 2 units of concentrated mercury!

Resources from the New World again! They must have come from the ships. They must be samples collected by the exploration team from the New World, right? But why did this Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King grow next to these barrels? A monster guarding the resources? Whatever, he could sell them for the first starting capital! Wahahaha.

The sound of crashing waves reminded Da Fei that it was time to retreat and return to the city.

Da Fei swam back to the reef and took out the last loot: the Heart of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King, which was as bright as ice.

What was the effect of the paralytic toxin? The official information didn't say.

Weapon enchantments with poison were common, but toxins would always be accompanied by weaker attacks, weaker defense, weaker damage, etc. With the plant monster's limited survival, if it was just an ordinary toxin effect, it wouldn't have any value and would have been eliminated by natural selection! This paralytic toxin must be the reason this species survived! Right, it seemed like the information on the Sea Anemone King was perfected. Let's see what it is.

Da Fei opened the information card.

— Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King:

Creature Type: Big Leader Plant

Attack:?

Defense: 4

Damage:?

Health: 600

Attack Speed: 1, very, very slow.

Movement Speed: 0

Special skill: Lurker, Catapult Attack?

Item Drop: Heart of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King (100% drop rate). Seed of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King (3% drop rate, first kill guaranteed)

Experience: 6000

The information was much better! 600 HP! As expected of a boss, it was worth more than three little angels! This information would definitely fetch a good price! There was still a special skill that hadn't appeared yet. Judging by the drop, it must have something to do with the Paralysis Poison. I wasn't beaten up, so I could never find out the target's attack attributes.

There was nothing to say. An enchantment with 1 point damage couldn't have sold for that much. He'd use it himself!

— System Message: Are you going to use the weapon enchanted with "Heart of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King"?

Hey, it's a wooden spear. I feel sorry for this enchantment. But I don't have a weapon to change. I'm sure even if I could find a knife or arrow in a sinking ship, I wouldn't be able to find a spear. I've never heard of anyone going out to sea to equip themselves with a spear.

— Yes!

The ice shard flashed with green light, turning into green water that seeped into the wooden spear, dyeing it a faint green color.

— System Message: You have successfully enchanted the Heart of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King. Your weapon has an addition of 1 Paralysis Poison damage. The weapon is also known as the "Venomous Paralyzing Wood Spear."

Oh! It even has a name! Fine, when you have money in the future, you can try refining it at the blacksmith store in the city. You can use it as a memento for your family heirloom, haha!

Speaking of the sunken ship, what was that guy doing? Da Fei took out his binoculars and couldn't help but laugh. So this guy was still at level 5. He was killing Skeleton even after killing his boss? What a waste of an awesome account!

Fine, you can take your time killing the skeleton. I got 6000 experience points from killing the boss, so I'm only half a step away from level 6. When I reach level 6 and learn Stealth Move, I'll talk to you later. Hehe.

It was time to eat. Three days in the game was half a day in real life. It would be dark after dinner.