Chapter 19: Raging Sea Of Blood'S Ambush

Sometimes, seemingly difficult problems could be solved easily!

Da Fei's Ballista was on three sides of the wall. This was the slot! But the slot wasn't complete. The front was still under attack. The front also needed a wall to block it, and ordinary zombies were the best meat wall!

How much damage could an ordinary zombie deal with a 10-proof ballista with 1 Attack and 1-2 Damage? With a defense of close to 10 points, the damage was only a little more than 2 / 3, which meant it only dealt 06-1 damage! It was negligible compared to the damage from the boss!

As long as the five zombies blocked the front of the ballista, the boss behind them wouldn't be able to get close. They could only watch! How could the boss not get close? It was the ballista's knockback, of course! If the boss was pushed back, the zombies could take over the space. The boss was tall, so the ballista could shoot its head through the zombie.

Therefore, Da Fei was laughing as he killed the boss, while the five little zombies dutifully blocked the ballista, waving their clumsy claws to take away its life.

It was over!

— Boom! Finally, a boss's head exploded into a watermelon.

— System Message: You have killed the Assault Zombie, you received + 4000 experience! You received item "Sears Room Key", item "Fire-Ax"!

— System Message: You have further collected information on the Assault Zombie!

— System Message: You have completed Progress of "Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins." 3 / 10.

Haha! Wahahaha! I'm an expert! Da Fei was overjoyed. He opened the information panel to check the information. The rest of the information was still question marks. His HP was out. 200 points!

What the heck! He had so much HP and an intermediate-level Defense Skill. He'd need five or six shots to kill one person. Was he trying to tire him out? Come on, let's tire him out! You guys are trash who give experience, achievements, and room keys! Wahahaha!

• • •

On the deck of the ship, the sky was blue and the sea was blue. Raging Sea of Blood was happily killing zombies.

Suddenly, there seemed to be loud noises coming from inside the boat. Raging Sea of Blood frowned. What was that sound? Waves? After killing a few more zombies, Raging Sea of Blood felt something was wrong! Was this a wave?

Raging Sea of Blood leaned on the deck and listened. The noise was even louder! It was rhythmic!

Raging Sea of Blood was shocked! What was this? It sounded like the popular sound of ballista fire.

Raging Sea of Blood immediately ran to the side of the boat to look down. There was nothing wrong. Then, he ran to the other side. There was nothing wrong either! He jumped into the water and put his ear on the boat to listen. The noise was even louder and clearer! That's right, this was the sound of a ballista! When he chose the number, he was hesitating between the ballista and the Attack Skill!

What was happening?

Was the NPC monster setting off firecrackers? Impossible! Player! It had to be a Player! Was it that trash named Da Fei? Or did the system send players over while I wasn't paying attention?

Raging Sea of Blood hurriedly turned on the game search system to look up information on players!

— System Message: Greetings, Player User! It costs 10 points to search for Player information! You don't have enough points!

"D * mn!!! You need points? You're making money!"

Ten points was just 10 yuan. Money wasn't a big deal to Raging Sea of Blood. Charging points was a problem! Raging Sea of Blood only charged 1000 points to play the lottery. He didn't get any points after the lottery draw. Wouldn't it be annoying if he had to go online for these 10 points?

I can't take this anymore! Raging Sea of Blood gritted his teeth and charged 10 thousand points. Then, he checked the player "Da Fei".

— Search Results: Da Fei, Human Training Recruit, Level 9, currently online.

Lv 9!! Raging Sea of Blood couldn't believe his eyes! Lao Zi thought he couldn't survive anymore and went offline! How did a weak pikeman like him end up like this? Lao Zi had been killing monsters since he was a Level 3 Shield Soldier. He was only at Lv 6 after killing for a whole day! He was actually at Lv 9! Did he sneak onto Lao Zi's territory and get a ballista to level up? It felt like his woman had been slept with! Unacceptable!

"F*ck you!" Raging Sea of Blood rushed into the cabin! So what if he was a Level 9 Pikeman? He only had 26 HP, so he could kill him with two slashes! Raging Sea of Blood wanted to kill him at the resurrection point until he reached Level 0!

• • •

Level 2 of the shipwreck cabin. When the third Zombie Boss died, Da Fei's body glowed with golden light. Level 9!

By now, Da Fei had used 16 shots, and the five zombies at the choke point had also used 18 attacks. 80 HP was gone from the ballista. If he killed the other three bosses, the ballista would only have a few dozen HP left. He couldn't fight anymore. He had to finish this quickly!

Da Fei immediately took out the War Machine Skill Book. With a flash of golden light,

— System Message: You used some Skill Points to learn Intermediate Study of the War Machines!

— System Message: Your Ballista Attack + 5, Defense + 5, Base Damage + 1, Health Limit + 100.

Now, the Ballista attribute of the Intermediate Combat Machine was:

Attack: 15, Defense: 15, Basic Damage: 3-4 (Total Damage = Basic Damage), Health: 120 / 300, Attack Speed: 5, Movement Speed: 1, Special Skill: Knock Back, Piercing.

Da Fei had eight total attribute points, so his total damage was 24-32. The 15 Attack Ballista had 13 Attack and Defense with the 2 Defense Boss, which was an increase of 65% damage. Including the 20% damage reduction from the Boss' Intermediate Defense Skill, the final damage was 31-41! This was completely different from the 15-23 damage just now! It was doubled!

The conclusion was: the 200 HP boss he killed with five or six shots just now could be dealt with in just three shots! Its Defense was now 5 points higher, so the little zombie only dealt less than 1 damage to the ballista!

This was the so-called Boss Killer Study of the War Machines. The improvement of a level 1 skill brought a qualitative leap!

Da Fei was amazed. If only he'd chosen the Ballista as his initial skill! Then again, if the primary skill was the Ballista, he wouldn't have been sent here by the examiner, right?

Of course, he couldn't stop playing. If he killed the rest of the Bosses, he could level up again. Wahahaha! The experience was amazing! The training ground for Godly Heroes was awesome!

Soon, there were hurried footsteps coming from the cabin above Da Fei's head. Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! Raging Sea of Blood! F*ck, why didn't he come earlier or later?! This was bad! What should he do? Looking at the little zombie hitting the ballista and the last Boss, Da Fei frowned!

Yes! Raging Sea of Blood was here! When he ran down to the first floor of the cabin, he was shocked to find out that the boss who sent him on his way last night was gone! The little zombie was still there, but the trash in the cabin behind the boss told him the answer! He had a rough idea of what was happening now!

F*ck!

The angry Raging Sea of Blood jumped down to the second floor and collided with Da Fei, who was blocking the stairs! Raging Sea of Blood was stunned!

Da Fei, who had just finished reloading, smiled brightly. "Hi! Have you eaten?" Da Fei tried to communicate with him.

"Die!!!" Raging Sea of Blood, who had a rough idea of the situation, drew his sword. He didn't give Da Fei any chance to speak nonsense!

F*ck! Was he trying to kill his father and take over his father? If there was no way out, he could fight. He had won too many games! If he kept talking, the ballista would be destroyed!

Da Fei, who was already prepared, immediately raised his gun and attacked first! He couldn't lose the advantage of a Pikeman's long weapon!

The spear was like a poisonous dragon. "-5!" At the same time, Raging Sea of Blood's Forward Charge suddenly stopped! Paralysis Poison!

— System Message: You have attacked a player from the same faction, Raging Sea of Blood, maliciously. You will receive a reputation reduction punishment.

Ah! Are you serious? I'm the victim here!

The PvP began with a comparison of attributes.

Raging Sea of Blood was level 6. Attack: 8, Defense: 8, Damage: 7-10, Health: 30, Attack Speed: 13, Master's Attack Skill increased damage by 50%. (Raging Sea of Blood's Shipwreck Weapon + 3 Attack + 3 Damage, Equipment at Birth + 8 Personal Defense)

Da Fei was Level 9. Attack: 8, Defense: 3, Damage: 4-6, Health: 36, Attack Speed: 10. No Battle Skills (Da Fei's Leather Armor + 3 Personal Defense).

Then, the final damage from Raging Sea of Blood's attack on Da Fei would be 13-19. He could finish Da Fei in two to three strikes.

Da Fei's 8 points of attack just offset Raging Sea of Blood's 8 points of Defense. Without any battle skills, the final damage was still 4-6. To take down Raging Sea of Blood, who had 30 HP, he needed 5-8 shots!

The difference in weapons and skills made the difference in their battle power obvious! Under normal circumstances, Da Fei would never be a match for Raging Sea of Blood.

But now, all of this was happening because of the paralyzing toxin from the Heart of the Demonized Sea Anemone King! Toxins usually had negative effects. While fighting sea anemones and zombies couldn't tell what this paralyzing toxin effect was, it was definitely effective against players. This was why Da Fei, an opportunist, could turn the tables!

When Raging Sea of Blood saw the notification, he was stunned!

— System Message: You have been affected by the Paralysis Toxin. Movement is instantly interrupted. Attack -1, Defense -1, Attack Speed -1, Speed -1, Maximum Damage -1. Effect lasts until the end of the battle.

Reduce all attributes by 1! This felt like a weakened version of the Dark Curse! It also disrupted movement! What did this trashy fish steal?

Da Fei, who saw the system prompt, was so surprised his eyes went wide! He didn't think too much and continued to shoot!

At the same time, Raging Sea of Blood, who had been stopped, also recovered. He kept charging toward Da Fei!

Under normal circumstances, a pikeman's long weapon advantage was to attack first, then, when the pikeman retracted his spear, the pikeman would be right in front of him and start the fight. The previous attack had stopped Raging Sea of Blood, so when Raging Sea of Blood reached the attack range and swung his sword, Da Fei's second attack arrived first! This gave the pikeman two more strikes!

-5!

— System Message: You have been affected by the Paralysis Toxin. Movement is instantly interrupted. Attack -2, Defense -2, Attack Speed -2, Maximum Damage -2. Effect lasts until the end of the battle.

So that's how it is! It can interrupt attacks and movements, and the effect is the same as the Plague Zombie's special skill! However, with my damage, even if I was reduced to the lowest damage, I could still kill you with three strikes!

After thinking it through, Raging Sea of Blood sneered angrily. "You're dead!"

Da Fei, who also understood the situation, sneered. "I have more HP!"

"What's the point of having more HP!" Raging Sea of Blood, who had recovered, attacked again. His attack speed was faster than usual. Da Fei couldn't interrupt him this time. -16!!

A terrifyingly high damage value jumped out from Da Fei's head. Da Fei's eyelids jumped in shock. Raging Sea of Blood laughed maniacally!

Then, Da Fei fired his third shot. "-6!"

— System Message: You have been affected by the paralytic toxin. Attack -3, Defense -3, Attack Speed -3, Speed -3, Maximum Damage -3. Effect lasts until the end of the battle.

Ignoring the system notification, Raging Sea of Blood laughed. "Die!!!"

At this moment, both sides were moving at 10 speeds. Both sides attacked at the same time! "-12" "-6" appeared above their heads.

"He didn't die?" Of course, Raging Sea of Blood didn't know Da Fei was awarded 10 HP for a small achievement. He shouted in shock, "One more slash!"

Now, Da Fei only had 8 HP left. There was no way he could survive the next attack. Raging Sea of Blood had 8 HP too! He needed two shots! Even if Da Fei could interrupt Raging Sea of Blood's attack with 1 HP, Raging Sea of Blood's next attack would be when Da Fei retracted his gun. There was no way he could interrupt! He would still lose!

So, what Da Fei needed to do now was to step on the ballista's trigger, which he had been preparing for a long time—boom, boom, boom! In the end, the Boss exploded and died. A golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 10! You received 1 Free Strategy Attribute, 1 Skill Point, + 2 Health, + 1 Command Value, + 1 Basic Damage, + 1 Tactical Position.

I leveled up! Full HP! This is my biggest backup! Wahahahaha!

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood, whose attack landed on Da Fei's -11 damage, was stunned!

"Not good!" Da Fei, who had + 1 Damage, stabbed with his spear. -8!

Raging Sea of Blood turned into white light and disappeared!

…