Chapter 13: Shipwrecked Cargo

Da Fei ran deeper into the tunnel in a panic. After he put some distance between them, he used the Stealth Move to escape from the Slow Zombie and finally had a chance to catch his breath.

It was obvious why Thieves were so popular! Too bad this game wasn't for lone rangers like Thieves.

At the end of the walkway was a flight of stairs leading to the bottom of the boat. Typically, this kind of large sailboat would have a deckhouse for sailors, and the cabins below the deck would be the storage. To make loading and unloading easier, the actual entrance was on the deck in the middle of the boat.

I went back to the sunken ship to look for treasure! Da Fei didn't hesitate to go down the stairs to the lower level of the storage. A putrid, moldy smell hit him.

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill has detected a powerful enemy nearby. Please stay alert!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! Of course he knew there were powerful enemies nearby. He had seen them too!

At the end of the pitch-black warehouse, a pair of cold eyes looked like fireflies in the dark. They were bright, dazzling, and scary! Needless to say, Boss-level monsters! Yes, it was normal to have a Boss, but not a Boss.

But since he was here, he needed to figure out the situation. The biggest value of Stealth was probably to do something under the boss's nose.

This seemed to be a storage room with all sorts of wooden barrels and miscellaneous stuff. There seemed to be some bodies lying on the floor. Da Fei had no doubt that if he got close to these bodies, he'd jump up as if he was suffering from a biological crisis. Da Fei started to feel around the wall, and he kept finding new things.

— System Message: You found a spare canvas. (Large cargo, unavailable.)

— System Message: You found a repair ship. (Large cargo, unavailable to be carried around)

— System Message: You found a backup cable. (Large Item, unavailable.)

— System Message: You found a spare woodworking tool. (Large Item, unavailable at all times)

Why did these things exist? To fix the ship! This meant the ship could be driven by players!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! You are about to enter the vision of a powerful enemy!

Da Fei was shocked and instantly hid!

In the darkness, only the general outline of the boss could be seen. It looked like a tall zombie, standing still.

Da Fei circled around the cabin while the Boss was on guard. This was probably the situation in the cabin. Da Fei began to think.

If he wanted to fix the ship, he'd have to use these supplies. Then, he'd have to kill this boss guarding the warehouse. If this zombie had a pair of cold eyes, it must be very powerful. How many levels would he need to kill it?

Even though he soloed a boss with 600 HP, he was bullying the plant monster's innate weakness. If he really fought, he'd be a weak pikeman who couldn't even defeat a regular Level 3 Evil Spirit. That meant he'd have to kill the evil spirit upstairs and get the book! At least the evil spirit was just a regular soldier, not a boss yet. It'd be more reliable to kill it.

It wasn't easy to get the grimoire. It could heal itself, but what about us players? We didn't even have a health potion! The problem was, how did the Boss suddenly level up? Did the grimoire supply power to it? Would it keep upgrading and evolving into the Boss form? If it couldn't fight like this, would it have to team up with Raging Sea of Blood?

What the hell?! Even if we did work together, I'd probably kill the boss before we did anything to each other! It's not that I don't trust people, it's just that even if he didn't kill me, I'd kill him too! Um, don't say I'm a bad person, I'm not qualified to talk about my character now. Really.

Wait, Health Potions? Did he need to find Health Potions to kill the evil spirit? Where were the Health Potions? Da Fei looked at the bodies lying on the ground. This was the only place he couldn't find. He had to try. Maybe he could find skills books and equipment too.

At this moment, hurried footsteps came from the wooden floor above them.

Da Fei was stunned? What? Raging Sea of Blood?

A light came on at the top of the stairs. A torch!

What the heck! He dared to light a fire? Was he asking for death? Da Fei was so shocked that he hid in the pile of canvas behind him. He wasn't afraid of him, he was afraid of being seen by the boss! Stealth didn't mean stealth. It worked at night, but it worked during the day!

With a splash, Raging Sea of Blood jumped down with the torch!

With the help of the torch, he could see everything in the cabin! There were indeed bodies and debris everywhere! The boss was a tall zombie!

It was only then that Da Fei saw the boss was standing at the entrance to the next warehouse! This meant this was a door-keeping boss! What was behind the door?

The boss moved! The bodies on the ground also started to get up!

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood, who had jumped off the warship, looked around and instantly saw what was happening. Then, his eyes lit up and he charged toward the Boss!

Did he have to fight from above if he couldn't win? Was he really that aggressive? Did he want to die?

Before the bodies on the ground could get up, Raging Sea of Blood strode over their heads. Faced with the oncoming Boss, he suddenly leaned forward and leaped forward. A huge "missed" appeared above his head. He charged forward! This was like a star pouncing on a goalkeeper!

Seeing such an amazing move, Da Fei was stunned! The game data was dead, but the person was alive. With the limitation of the data, the player could act on his own. He was an expert too! His skill was second only to his dodging of the Sea Anemone King's tentacles! But why didn't he fight the Boss?

Wait! Da Fei realized there was a weapon rack next to the boss! There was a battle sword on the weapon rack! If the boss didn't move away, he wouldn't have been able to see it from this angle! And Raging Sea of Blood was obviously here for the weapon rack! What the heck! Equipment! There was actually equipment! He didn't realize he was hiding in the dark earlier!

— Clang! Raging Sea of Blood rushed toward the weapons rack, laughed, and ran!

Oh no! He did it!

— Puah! Da Fei vomited blood! Although he couldn't use swords as a Pikeman, having good equipment in his hands was the same as giving up the Mana Skills Book boss! If he'd known there was a sword here, he'd have rushed out to snatch it! He didn't think he'd be the first to win!

— Boom! -15! A huge red character appeared above Raging Sea of Blood's head. Players had a chance to dodge attacks while running, but turning around was definitely a taboo!

Da Fei was shocked again! 15 points of damage! A level-five soldier! He killed him with two slaps! This zombie was invincible, alright?

After receiving a heavy blow, Raging Sea of Blood laughed maniacally and kept running for his life. Clearly, this saber could help him improve. Otherwise, he wouldn't be so excited. The more Da Fei thought about it, the angrier he became!

The zombies in the room finally got up too. A series of -1 attacks landed on Raging Sea of Blood's shield. Relying on his high HP and high defense, Raging Sea of Blood ran at full speed. Just as he was about to reach the stairs, the Zombie Boss suddenly jumped up—Attack!

Raging Sea of Blood flashed with white light. He died! This zombie boss was a mutated species!

When the torch fell to the floor, the room became dark again!

Only then did Da Fei recover from his shock and regret! He had lost a game of chess, but he couldn't lose the bike or even the cannon. He still had a chance! Also, the boss was so weird. He might not be able to take it on by himself even if he used a new weapon. He didn't need to worry!

Before the boss returned to its original location, Da Fei rushed out of the junk pile and went into the tunnel guarded by the boss…

• • •

In the coconut tree forest on the deserted island, the resurrected Raging Sea of Blood waved his loot and laughed!

— Water Soldier's Sharp Blade: Personal Attack + 3, Attack Speed + 1, Basic Damage + 3, Durability: 57 / 150.

With this knife, his damage would increase from 4-7 to 7-10. With the addition of all Attack Skill, he could kill a 17 HP Zombie in two strikes. Most importantly, its Attack Speed increased by 1 point! This was a real leap! Before, when he had 12 Attack Speed and the Zombie had 6 Attack Speed, the Zombie could attack him at the same time during his second strike, so he couldn't avoid losing HP. Now that he had 1 point of Attack Speed, the Zombie had no chance to fight back!

That was to say, he could reach the boss with full HP and no damage! Then, he wouldn't have to wait until he reached Level 7 to learn Cleave. He could kill the boss as soon as his weakness wore off.

Haha! Wahahaha! I should have thought of this!

…