Chapter 15: Ballista Blows Zombies

Shumilouco

Ten minutes of revival and weakness had passed. Raging Sea of Blood waved his brand new battle sword and went onto the deck of the sunken ship again.

Facing the zombie in front of him, Raging Sea of Blood laughed. Slash -12! There was no need to kill it!

"Die!" With another slash, the zombie fell to the ground. As expected, it didn't use that disgusting attack before dying!

The difference in Attack Speed of 1 point was like heaven and earth! He could finally fight the boss with full HP and no damage. Killing the boss wasn't a problem anymore! Raging Sea of Blood laughed and slashed his way into the cabin.

He had to win this time!

Raging Sea of Blood went back to the boss's room with all the curses.

In front of absolute power, cursing was just one more move, one less move. How dare you make me unhappy when I'm playing a game? Fine! But the more depressed you are, the better it'll be to defeat it! Ignore the zombies in the summoning circle!

The blade flashed! It vented Raging Sea of Blood's anger and joy!

"-6!"

Good start! Raging Sea of Blood laughed maniacally! The damage was indeed different! How many times can you dodge with this amount of HP? How many times can you heal?

Bam! -2! A zombie hit Raging Sea of Blood's shield, sending green liquid flying!

— System Message: You have been hit by Plague Zombie's Special Skill, Plague Attack. Your Attack -1, Defense -1. As long as you continue to be attacked by the Plague Zombie, your Attack and Defense will decrease to 0. After the battle, the Plague Attack will disappear.

Raging Sea of Blood was stunned! It was a high-level Plague Zombie! The summoning level had increased again?

— Plague Zombie: Attack: 2, Defense: 2-3, Health: 17, Attack Speed: Very Slow: 6, Movement Speed: 4, EXP: 16, Command Value: 1, Special Skill: Intermediate Defense, Plague Attack.

It was then that Raging Sea of Blood realized the Boss in the darkness wasn't a wraith anymore. It was an unknown undead creature! It looked like a ghost, but it had a much stronger aura of death!

The sudden change shocked Raging Sea of Blood.

What was this? There was no official description of this ghost! The boss's upgraded form? Why did I have to upgrade the boss after dying? Could it be that the boss didn't grow as a player, but upgraded every time I fought it? But even if I upgraded it, it should have upgraded to an evil spirit! Did I scare it with my attempt to level up just now?

While I was still in shock, the unknown boss flashed with white light and a huge + 3 appeared! Self-Healing!

Bang! Another Plague Zombie joined the attack. The green liquid took away another 2 HP from Raging Sea of Blood, as well as one point of attack and defense! Raging Sea of Blood's Defense was already reduced by 4 points by the Spell Curse. If the Zombie took away another 2 points of defense, his high defense advantage would be gone!

"I'm going all out!" Raging Sea of Blood was so angry that he didn't care about anything else. He kept slashing at the boss!

-6! Missed! + 4! -5! Missed! + 3! -4!

Raging Sea of Blood's attacks became weaker, and his HP decreased. When a Plague Zombie dealt -3 damage to him, Raging Sea of Blood was on the verge of death, and the Boss had six or seven HP left! Raging Sea of Blood finally realized what he couldn't do!

Retreat! Raging Sea of Blood angrily ran out of the cabin and back to the island!

He failed again! Raging Sea of Blood had a strong urge to smash the machine! But when he punched, he felt a strong sense of hunger and powerlessness!

It was already past dinnertime. He didn't think a few days in the game would make people forget about the real world. Raging Sea of Blood took off his helmet and shook his head. He should eat. The trial for the Godly Hero couldn't be completed so easily.

Raging Sea of Blood made a call to order food. "The Jinhao Hotel? Send me a medium-well Texas beef steak. Send me a medium-well Texas beef steak after 12 p.m."

"Yes, sir! What kind of wine would you like?"

"No."

"Yes, sir."

Raging Sea of Blood was staying up all night. Of course, he didn't drink. His love for steak was often mocked by people in the circle for being too low-class. He was a carnivore, not a herbivore!

Raging Sea of Blood went to the window sill and opened it. He looked down at the city's brightly lit night view, trying to clear his mind from the cold night wind.

Would this boss level up in battle?

It was said that there were players in the United States who had experienced something similar, but it was just an instance dungeon. If the challenge failed, the difficulty of the next instance dungeon would increase, so they could only succeed and not fail. After failing five or six times, however, the player finally found a way to clear an instance dungeon that was already very difficult, and the rewards he got were also far beyond expectations.

Maybe this trial boss was the same thing. His next step would be to focus on leveling up and not agitate the boss. If the skeleton suddenly turned into a zombie during the second challenge, as long as he didn't charge into the cabin, he wouldn't agitate the boss.

He could kill Plague Zombies on the deck and level up to level 10 to learn all the skills for Full Attack Skill. Even though Plague Zombies had disgusting special skills, they were essentially the same as ordinary zombies. They all died after two strikes, and they had a lot of experience.

However, if the situation wasn't as he had imagined, he wouldn't be able to win even if he reached level 10.

Raging Sea of Blood frowned. He suddenly remembered the random guy called Da Fei, whom the system allocated to him! Did the system mean that two people had to team up to clear the level? He almost did it every time. If there was someone helping him, he would have done it long ago.

Pfft! Let's team up next door! If he dared to steal my fruit, if he dared to come online, I'd kill him!

If it really didn't work out, he'd have to ask his friends for help. He wondered how Shaodong and the others were doing? Shaodong was very energetic and often worked all night. It was a pity he didn't need to play games.

Raging Sea of Blood called Shaodong again. "Shaodong, how's the preparation going?"

The person on the other end of the line laughed. "He's bidding online with Tian'ge and Xiao Ma! We'll do it tomorrow!"

Raging Sea of Blood couldn't help but feel happy. "You're a true bro?"

Shaodong smiled. "Your brother and I are out of the game. If we start a business in the game, why not get some god-level accounts?"

Raging Sea of Blood laughed out loud. "No big deal, no big deal! There's not only Jianghu in the game, there's also the sea!"

• • •

Da Fei went down to the gunner's cabin. He touched the darkness while carefully dismantling the first ballista. He wasn't sure if the noise would scare the zombie at the door.

At this moment, heavy footsteps came from above his head. Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! It was Raging Sea of Blood! He came back to kill the Boss after resting! You can't beat him, you can't beat him! While he was cursing, hurried footsteps came from above him. Plop! Someone was jumping into the water. Oh yeah! Did that mean he failed again in challenging the Boss? Wahahaha, great!

Come to think of it, how could such a weird boss fight one-on-one so easily? He'd have to wait until he was at a similar level and killed enough bosses, then he'd shoot him in the back!

Now that Da Fei's mind was clear, he was in a good mood and continued to dismantle the Cannonball.

— System Message: You have successfully disassembled the Ballista. You have received a damaged arm!

— System Message: You have successfully disassembled the Ballista. You have received the Transfigured Trigger!

— System Message: You have successfully disassembled the Ballista. You have received a damaged computer!

— System Message: You have successfully disassembled the Ballista. You have received intact Ballistas!

Haha, he finally got a complete part! Keep going! After 10 minutes, all the parts were dismantled!

— System Message: You successfully dismantled a Ballista, experience + 560!

Wow! He could gain experience by disassembling cannons! That was a lot! Da Fei was overjoyed! That's right, he had to gain experience! He already had the teaching materials for Lanxiang New East. It would be ridiculous if he didn't gain experience from his own internship! In fact, players who started with the regular mechanical style were just learning at the machine shop for experience.

Haha, I'll keep going!

One night in the game was almost up. Da Fei became more skilled and efficient. When the eleventh ballista was successfully disassembled, a golden light flashed above Da Fei's head!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 7. You have received 1 Free Strategy Attribute, 1 Skill Point, Health + 2, Command Power + 1.

— System Message: You have obtained all the intact parts of the ballista. You can now assemble a new ballista!

Wahahaha! This was a double blessing! The assembly!

The sky gradually became brighter. Light shone into the cabin through the cracks in the gun's door. The cabin became brighter too. Da Fei assembled the ballista even faster.

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! There are powerful enemies nearby, please be on guard!

Da Fei was shocked. Wasn't the Zombie Boss blocking the door the only powerful enemy nearby? That was to say, it couldn't see him at night, but it could see him during the day? He thought hiding behind the Boss would be fine. It seemed that a battle with the Boss was inevitable.

Fight! Da Fei began to use all his time to assemble the equipment!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! There is a powerful enemy nearby. You are about to enter the enemy's alert range!

Da Fei was sweating profusely! He couldn't panic at the last moment! It was time to see if he was an expert!

— System Message: Warning! You have been discovered by the enemy! Prepare for battle!

Clang! With a crisp sound, the ballista was assembled!

— System Message: You successfully assembled a Ballista. You received + 1000 experience!

The Zombie Boss at the door had already turned around. Da Fei, sitting on the ballista, kicked the trigger and pulled the bowstring, loading the first arrow!

Release!!!

— Boom! Boom! The ballista shook slightly, and the arrow turned into a beam of cold light, shooting toward the door!

— Boom! -13! It hit the Zombie Boss in the chest!

— System Message: You have incomplete information on the Swift Zombie!

What the heck! He didn't use Repel! What's a Swift Zombie? I've never heard of it! But I don't have time to look at the information anymore! Da Fei kicked the gun again and kept playing!

The Zombie Boss bent its body and leaped up! It was the same move it used to kill Raging Sea of Blood last night!

Under Da Fei's frightened gaze, the Boss drew a 20-meter long arc in the air, then—boom!!! It was like a meatball hitting a ballista! A huge -58 appeared on the ballista!!

— System Message: You have improved the incomplete information on the Swift Zombie!

What the heck!!! This was the killing power of a Level 7 soldier! Looking at the scary-looking zombie, Da Fei was so scared he kicked the trigger!

— Boom! Boom! The arrow flew out!

— Boom!!! -39! The arrow went through the chest and sent the zombie boss flying!

Da Fei's eyes narrowed! His Ballista shouldn't have dealt so much damage!

"Yes."