Chapter 23: Planting The Sea Anemone King Seed

Raging Sea of Blood searched every corner of the sunken ship with a murderous look. The entire ship was wiped out. The trash had no one to rely on now. He had to fight me!

— System Message: Dear user, the user you are looking for is not in the current service area.

If he wasn't in the service area, it meant he wasn't online, but he was in a different scenario! That is, he stole my fruit!

Raging Sea of Blood gritted his teeth. He had never felt so defeated and threatened before!

Raging Sea of Blood actually didn't care about equipment. He was rich, he could buy as many pieces of equipment as he wanted! But he hated this feeling of defeat! Since he was young, he had never lost in school or fighting! He always thought he was better in both intelligence and physique.

But it was true that the other party had killed him three times. No matter how unwilling he was, Raging Sea of Blood had to face reality. This was an opponent he couldn't afford to underestimate! However, this was the training ground for the Godly Hero the system had arranged for him, not him. Although he had to admit that his talent was odd, it wasn't because of his fighting talent that made it impossible for him to succeed so easily! Without the spellbook, without a soldier, what could a pikeman do with a Turtle-speed Ballista?

That's right. At least the system didn't tell me I failed the trial. There's still the Mana Skills Book boss. At least the ship is still here. My advantage is still there. Although it's not obvious, I still have a chance to turn the tables! It's not for the equipment, it's for the rewards, it's for winning!

Raging Sea of Blood returned to the cabin. Suddenly, he noticed that the number of Zombies summoned by the boss had increased. He was stepping on all fours in the corridor. Needless to say, the trash entering another scenario had affected the Trial Mission. But it was good too. He was worried that his level-up would slow down. If so, he could level up and kill more zombies!

The World of the Dead.

The Bone Servants kept logging onto the game, one from the east, one from the west, one from the south, one from the north. Da Fei was busy trying to kill them all.

F*ck! Can you focus in one direction? Can you not let me run around like this? It's exhausting!

The situation was getting grimmer. The monsters spawned faster. There were Bone Fish logging onto the map from all directions. Da Fei's defense circle gradually shrunk to a small circle around the captain.

No way! How could he defend like this?! Unless he was an archer, he could kill one person at a time! Da Fei was so anxious that he started sweating.

Finally, one of the Bone Fish succeeded in getting past Da Fei's attack, dealing -1 damage to the captain during the ritual! What the heck! Da Fei hurriedly turned and stabbed the fish to death.

The captain immediately said, "Adventurer, protect me. I don't have the energy to fight off foreign invasions! If I fail, I'll sink into eternal oblivion!"

Da Fei's balls were crushed! Did that mean the Epic Hero would be gone if he failed the trial?

Da Fei finally understood why the system sent two players to this island for training. This kind of siege was not something a single player could handle!

What a scam! It wasn't that he wanted to keep everything to himself, it was that woman who didn't want to work with him! It wasn't his fault! Oh God, Dahai, I admit I made a lot of mistakes years ago, but I don't need a woman to make me feel disgusted, right?

Looking at the increasing number of monsters logging onto the game, Da Fei was anxious! What to do? What to do?! Was this Hero Trial really that hard? Did he really need two players to work together? Well, if the United States and the Soviet Union could work together, it was possible for him and the NPC to work together!

Captain, do you know I can't complete the task by myself? If you can't, just say it. Don't be in such a hurry to start the dungeon. Give me some time to talk to that idiot. It's not like there's no hope. If you want to mess with me now, I'll pretend I never saw you. But if you want to kill yourself, so be it!

Wait, I have something else! Da Fei quickly opened the package.

— Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King seed: Soldier Source Base. A new type of soldier, Demonized Venom Sea Anemone, can be cultivated in a specific environment. There is a small chance of cultivating the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King. Construction conditions: Unknown.

This was a sure-kill item for a boss. That was to say, if trial-takers didn't find the hidden boss in the wild, they'd have to kill the boss to get this item.

What if he planted this base on the spot? Typically, as long as an army base was completed, there would be at least one soldier, and what he needed was a soldier! Even if it was just a Level 1 soldier, with Renoir's amazing Attack, Defense, and Skills, it would still be killed instantly! As long as he could keep the Epic Hero, it was worth sacrificing an army base. Moreover, the construction conditions of this army base were unknown, so it was hard to sell for a high price.

The question was, when would it be completed? Of course, the most important question was, could he plant it here? This was the Undead World, not a place where normal creatures could survive, right?

F*ck! What was the point of thinking about it? I never hesitated when buying the lottery! I could plant it next to the captain, or it could be a wall, turning the four directions into three directions.

— System Message: Are you sure you want to use the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King seed here?

— System Message: This is not your kingdom's territory. Your base could be destroyed or occupied by hostile forces at any time. The Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King seed is an unknown creature. Its growth and construction are unknown. Your planting may fail. If it fails, you will lose the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King seed.

I'll fight! I'm sure!

— System Message: Due to unknown conditions for planting the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King seed, please try to make a resource allocation.

Resource allocation? How would he know which resources to give? Wait!

Suddenly, Da Fei thought of the first hidden Sea Anemone King he'd seen at the whale bone! Why were there so many barrels with resources? Why were there Sea Anemone Kings on the ship?

The system had already told me the answer! The Sea Anemone King must have grown from the ship's cargo! As for the small sea anemones in the wild, they must have grown from the ship's unloaded cargo. If I only found them on the ship, how would I know what kind of nutrients they needed? But the hidden Boss I met in the wild had already told me that the resources they needed to grow were the concentrated mercury, refined crystal sulfur, and mythril I found in the wooden bucket! I see!

Da Fei immediately put all the resources he picked up into the inventory. Confirmed!

This was a special-level resource unique to the New World. One unit was equivalent to 10 units of ordinary resources. Even if he created an Angel's Altar to recruit level-seven soldiers, it would only cost 20 units of ordinary wood, stones, crystals, and gems. He used the specification of building a level-seven building to allocate to you. He put in all of his starting capital. You have to succeed!

— System Message: You planted the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King seed. Please wait for the results.

At the same time, a red circle of light appeared on the ground under Da Fei's feet. A progress bar on the circle of light was slowly moving.

F*ck, let's not talk about this for now. How long do you want me to wait? I don't care. We have to do what we can!

The Bone Servants surrounded him as usual. Da Fei tried his best to defend himself with his gun.

While he was struggling, another Bone Servant broke through the blockade and rushed toward him. It was within the red circle created by the base. Da Fei rushed over and killed it with a stab. In an instant, the Bonefire in the Bone Servant's head turned into a wisp of smoke and flew into the red circle. At the same time, the progress bar of the construction increased by a little bit!

Da Fei was shocked. So that's how it is! This sea anemone was not to be trifled with. It ate higher-level soul power! No wonder there was a giant whale skull next to the first Sea Anemone King!

Now that he had a new discovery, Da Fei changed his strategy. He didn't go outside the enemy's territory anymore. He just let the enemy advance.

The captain said anxiously, "Adventurer, I got beaten up again!"

Da Fei immediately said, "Captain, hold on. I have a secret weapon!" He stabbed the Bone Servant to death, and the Bone Servant's Skullfire turned into smoke again, contributing to a small progress bar.

Wahahaha! Judging by the progress bar, he was probably going to succeed! Da Fei was filled with confidence. He started attacking the captain's Bone Servants one after another. After the Bone Servants' flames were all absorbed, the construction speed passed one-fifth.

The captain also kept chattering. "Adventurer, although I don't really care about the damage, it'll distract me!"

Da Fei smiled. "Then, please focus and ignore these ants." Then, he killed another Bone Servant.

Da Fei was getting better at it now. He could guarantee that most Bone Servants would stab the captain to death before they attacked him, and the halo could absorb nutrients.

Soon, a golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 11. You received 1 Free Attribute Point, 1 Skill Point, + 2 Health, + 1 Command Power.

He leveled up! Was it harder to level up after level 10? No! The experience was incredible! Killing a Level 0 soldier required the experience of a Level 4 soldier. How could he have such a good experience?

Right at that moment, a silver-black protrusion appeared on the red circle. Did it sprout? Success? Wahahaha, keep going!

After a while, the captain's longsword flashed. There was a clap of thunder in the sky, and the island shook!

The captain said in a low voice, "We're in stage two. We have to defend against more powerful enemies."

It's good to have stronger enemies! I was just thinking these Bone Servants weren't good enough. Da Fei quickly said, "No problem. Don't worry."

Ripples appeared on the surface of the sea. A tall monster with a snake's tail and a dragon's head, covered in black smoke, came ashore. Was this the Undead Naga?

As usual, he would charge in front of the enemy and kill them. He believed that the captain, with 60 points of strategic defense, who knew how many points of personal defense, and the Epic Hero, who was at the Grandmaster level and had 60% damage reduction, could easily deal with them.

He was close! He stabbed with the spear, -53! He didn't die! His HP far exceeded a Level 4 soldier's!

— System Message: You have incomplete information on the Nether Sea Regulator!

When it got close, he would strike before it did anything. Another shot, -17!

— System Message: You killed a Nether Sea Regulator and earned 90 experience points!

90 experience points! These Dead Spirit Sea Monsters were too strong… uh, too fat! So fat that he wasn't interested in seeing their information anymore! Giving experience points to fertilizer was his favorite, wahahaha!

Please read the app.