Chapter 28: Drifting After The Storm

Violent winds howled, giant waves surged into the heavens, the world becoming dark.

The dark clouds burned like blue flames on the sea. The sea caught the light of the lightning arrows and extinguished them in the bottomless abyss. The giant wave roared in the angry foam. It fiercely tossed the sailboat toward the tip of the wave, then slammed it into the bottom of the valley.

Thunder is the song of the sailors! The wind is the passion of the sailors! Our lives are in the midst of the waves, making us sail through them!

Fine, I'm being artistic. Sailing in a storm is suicidal!

Just as Da Fei's sailboat successfully left the shallows, the sailboat was like a F1 motorboat treading on the waves. Suddenly, the wind changed direction, and the boat suddenly tilted and flipped over. Da Fei was alone on the boat, so he didn't have time to control the sail. He had to take out the fire axe, cut off the rope, and forcefully lower the sail. Then, he ran to the driver's seat on the second floor to avoid the waves. But things weren't over yet.

— System Message: There is a leak at the bottom of the third floor of the ship. Please use materials to fix the leak and use an emergency tank to drain the water.

— System Message: The wood on the right and rear side of the ship has fractured. Ship durability -55. Please repair it with materials immediately.

— System Message: The canvas on mast 2 has been blown away by the wind. Please replenish the canvas at the right time.

— System Message: Additional rivets on the left side of the ship have fallen off, armor plates have fallen off, port defense -48.

• • •

What the heck! Are you trying to kill me, this bare-chested captain? For a moment, Da Fei ran up and down, stumbling and trying to save the ship. This ship wasn't something a person could control.

At this moment, Da Fei's talent, Storm Voyager, was shining brightly. This was the effect of activating a player's talent. While his talent was glowing, Da Fei's experience kept increasing!

— System Message: You fought the storm, you received + 1000 experience points.

— System Message: You fought the storm, you received + 1000 experience points.

Increase! I have to increase it! Fighting monsters is nothing. I'm fighting the sky and the sea with everything I have! The levels are different. I have to give experience!

— System Message: You fixed the hole in the body of the ship, you received + 600 experience!

— System Message: You strengthened the broken body of the ship, experience + 500!

Not bad. Even if he didn't kill monsters, he could gain experience. Sailing wasn't that boring after all.

At this moment, another huge wave came. Da Fei's feet suddenly sank, and his body suddenly became light. It felt like he was flying!

— Boom! The ship landed heavily, sending debris flying. Da Fei lost his balance and fell on the wall. "-25!"

Oh no! People would die!

— System Message: Warning! The rudder of the ship was destroyed by the huge wave. The ship couldn't control its direction. Ship durability limit: -300 points.

— System Message: The wood on the front-left side of the ship has fractured. Ship durability -130. Please repair it with materials immediately.

What the heck! If the rudder was broken, how could he fix it? He was at the bottom of the boat!

He had no choice. His talent only said the safety of the ship during the storm would increase. He didn't say he wouldn't be sunk. He could only pray that the ship wouldn't sink. He would save as much as he could.

Time passed second by second. Da Fei's ship was like duckweed in the wind and waves, going up and down with the waves. The sea was scarier than any Boss. In front of the sea, mortals were insignificant.

With a flash of golden light, Da Fei, who was exhausted from running, leveled up!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached Level 16! You have received 1 Free Attribute Point, 1 Skill Point, Health Points + 2, Command Power + 1.

He leveled up just in time! He had full health and stamina. He could fight for another 30 minutes!

• • •

Finally, the wind stopped, and the dark clouds dissipated. The storm had passed. The sky was clear and blue. A rainbow set up a bridge between the sky and the sea.

— System Message: One unit of fresh water is collected from the deck's drainage system.

— System Message: The ship is badly damaged and cannot move normally. It is in a drifting state.

Da Fei breathed a sigh of relief and checked the status of the ship.

Name: St. Anthony (Can be changed once)

Captain: Dafei

Ship Special Skill: Blessing of God (Sailor's Luck + 2)

Shipping capacity: 1000 units

Usage: 10 years

Ships with minimum crew capacity: 30 people

Ship durability: 857 / 1690

Ship Speed: 10

Ship Armor Defense: Left port 32, right port 80.

Sea God Insurance Level: 0 (The ship is not protected by the Sea God, it will sink forever if anything happens.)

Ship's current status: rudder damage cannot be controlled, sails destroyed, extra armor dropped on the left side, cursed by misfortune (Sailor's Luck -3).

Da Fei sighed. This was an old ship, and with so much loss in durability, this ship wouldn't last long. It seemed like the system wouldn't be so generous as to give a newbie this big ship. But could this Sea God Insurance extend the life of the ship? Sea God Insurance was expensive, right? Unless it was a really good ship, it'd be better to buy a new one with that money, right? But let's not talk about buying a new one. I don't even have money to fix a ship now. What should I do?

Forget it, he didn't want to think too much about it. He had made it through this hurdle anyway. It was time to give the ship a new name. SV Fly? SV Fly? SV Fly?

— System Message: You changed Saint Anthony to SV Fly.

What should he do now? He could hang up the sail again. Then, where was the fresh water he collected? One unit was 100 portions, enough for him to drink for 100 days. As long as there was water, there would be no problem. Then? Where was he now? Da Fei took out the binoculars. All he could see was water. Coordinates (??????)!

No coordinates!

Right, seafaring required a compass, a sextant, and other measuring tools. Otherwise, he'd be clueless. Where was the compass? The captain's cabin? Right! He'd seen all the rooms, but he didn't have time to see the captain's cabin. Now that he was the captain, he could definitely enter the captain's cabin.

Da Fei went to the captain's cabin on the second floor. There was another room next to the captain's cabin. The door was broken. Which officer's room was this?

Dafei looked inside. There was debris everywhere. Was this? Was this Juan's room? Da Fei began to clean up the debris and yellowed paper. Yes, it was Juan. The handwriting was the same as in the diary.

He already gave her a strategic treasure, a telescope. There shouldn't be any left, right? No, no, no, he had a 15-year-old daughter named Serbia! These things belonged to his father. He'd have to keep them and give them to her. She'd miss him and immediately recognize him as her godfather! Wahahaha, Uncle Hu, don't worry. I'm here.

Da Fei packed all the things in the drawer on the floor—Eh? What's this? A flute? No attributes? The flute looks, the patterns are so simple, so artistic, so different? Hm, it's good to be different. The girl would recognize it right away. OK, I'll use it as a relic.

There was nothing left in the navigator's room. Da Fei returned to the captain's room and touched the door handle.

— System Message: Are you entering the captain's cabin?

See, with the system prompt, he knew the captain's cabin was special. There was nothing else to say. Enter.

The scene changed. Da Fei appeared in a narrow room. It seemed like the captain's cabin still existed in the form of a dungeon. No matter how powerful a thief was, they couldn't enter this place.

The captain's cabin wasn't much more luxurious than the other officers' rooms. There was a big globe on the table, a telescope, a big compass, and a well-ironed black and white captain's uniform.

Haha! As expected of the captain. Good stuff. I have two telescopes now! But it's true. If the players were doing this trial normally, they wouldn't have discovered the navigator's telescope. Then, they'd have to make up for it here. After all, telescopes were essential for sailing. Fine. It was a C-rank treasure. Selling 1000 gold coins as a starting capital for ship repairing was something he had no money for.

Da Fei checked the remaining two items.

— New World Astrology: The instrument that records the New World Astrology allows the user to locate the ship's sea coordinates while sailing in the New World. Usage Requirement: Learn the Nautical Skill Measuring Skill.

Oh! It's high-end. It's a New World coordinate system. No wonder it's the captain!

— Compass: Can locate the ship's coordinates at sea. Usage Requirement: Learn Nautical Skill Measuring Skill.

He found the compass, but Da Fei was really annoyed.

The Measuring Skill was supposed to be given to the NPC adjutant. Basically, every Sailor's Home or Tavern could hire NPC seamen who knew the Measuring Skill. As a captain, he needed to spend a precious Skill Point just to learn this annoying Measuring Skill? Even though he had saved up seven Skill Points from Level 9 to 16, he couldn't waste them like this! He could guarantee that this Measuring Skill was definitely the worst sub-skill. He really didn't want to learn it.

What's more, the ship was in this state now. It was still floating. What was the point of knowing the coordinates?

In short, Da Fei had finally found a reason not to learn. He'd drift. He'd drift to a place with people, then, he'd see. It'd be best if he was discovered by the Light Alliance's navy and called for help. Then, everything would be resolved.

As for now, he would continue to develop the captain's room. Sure enough, there was a golden book on the bookshelf, Nautical Skill! Hey, I have a book on me. I have to sell it.

— System Message: You received Renoir's Nautical Skill Book!

— Renoir's Nautical Skill Book: Players need to spend 1 Skill Point to learn Elementary Nautical Skill.

— System Message: You have learned Nautical Skill, you cannot use this Skill Book.

Da Fei was shocked! Another special version of the Skill Book! The biggest reward for this Trial Mission wasn't this old and shabby boat, but the knowledge and experience of these amazing people? He could just float around and study these amazing skills.

• • •

Dafei really didn't know that at this time, on the country's biggest Hero Forum, a post titled "Trash Player Da Fei maliciously ambushed the Godly Hero, Raging Sea of Blood, to Lv 0. There is a video, there is a death record, there is a truth." had become popular. Raging Sea of Blood, the Godly Player who had appeared on TV, became famous in the China server again. Dafei, thanks to him, became famous too.

(Note: Sailing ships are not built as high as the current liner. The upper floors of sailing ships are usually at the bow and stern, no more than the third floor. Otherwise, if the center of gravity is too high, the ship could be blown over. It's also not conducive to sailing against the wind.)

…