Chapter 21: Skeleton Captain

Yes! Sea anemones. The lowest level of the cabin was filled with glowing red meatballs, sea anemones! I thought sea anemones were hidden monsters after the tide receded. I didn't know there were sea anemones here. Is this a sea anemone farm? Sea anemones are great! I love them!

Da Fei now had 9 Attack, so 5-7 Damage dealt 7-10 damage to a 0 Defense 15-HP sea anemone. He basically got two shots each.

In other words, these were the monsters that Raging Sea of Blood had to fight. The problem was, how could he fight the sea anemone with a short weapon? Did he have to get the grimoire? The grimoire could summon skeletons and zombies, and they weren't afraid of poison.

Since the grimoire was so powerful, he couldn't let him have it. If he didn't succeed this time, he'd go back and wait for the grimoire boss.

While he was clearing the monsters, the system suddenly called the police!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! There are powerful enemies lurking nearby, please stay alert!

Da Fei shrank back in shock. Boss!

At this moment, there was a flash of red in front of Da Fei's map. This was the same situation as when he encountered the Sea Anemone King! A lurking enemy? A water ghost? Or maybe there was a Sea Anemone King here?

If it was a ghost boss, it'd be too hard on the newbie. They might not even be able to take down a master-level ballista. But no matter what kind of boss it was, there was nothing they could do! Since they were here, they had to figure out which boss it was.

Da Fei nervously took a step forward. The red frame on the map flashed even more brightly! No, no, this wouldn't do! If the ambushing enemy didn't attack, the attack would be as fast as lightning. The only reason he could dodge the Sea Anemone King's attack last time was because the creature's Catapult Attack didn't hit him very well. If it was a different type of Boss this time, it'd be very dangerous even if he was prepared.

Da Fei turned around and started retreating. If the enemy showed up and used Reconnaissance Skill to alert the enemy, he wouldn't need to turn around to escape. Turning around was a taboo!

Dafei took another step forward!

— System Message: Warning! Reconnaissance Skill detected the presence of a hidden enemy!

Run!!! Da Fei imitated Raging Sea of Blood's Fling! In that instant, a familiar fishy wind attacked him from behind!

— Miss! Oh yeah!!!

Da Fei scrambled to look back and was overjoyed! It was really the sea anemone farm! Old buddy, we meet again!

At this moment, there was a giant red meatball waving a few 10-meter-long tentacles near the wall of the cabin. It was the Sea Anemone King!

Wahahaha! Like I said, even if it was a Godly Hero Trial, the system wouldn't design a level that players couldn't beat. But isn't it too much for a Boss to appear twice in a scenario? Anyway, in front of the Ballista, this Boss is a free gift!

Without saying anything else, Da Fei began to assemble the Ballista. Now, Da Fei's Intermediate Ballista dealt 27-36, 15 Attacks. An anemone with 2 Defense points would deal 44-59 damage. Even if it had 600 HP, it would only take six or seven shots. It was completely different from when Da Fei fought all night.

Thank you for saving the ballista. There was no cover here.

It was then that Da Fei realized the Sea Anemone King Boss wasn't inside the ship. It was outside the ship. It was inside the hole in the sunken ship. If he wanted to fix the hole, he had to kill the Boss. I see! I'll work with you!

Finally, Da Fei finished assembling the ballista. He happily loaded the ballista. Then, he fired two "47!" "50!" Green liquid splattered! Wahahaha! Great!

Another shot was fired! Da Fei's laughter echoed in the cabin!

Da Fei was stunned!

Wait! How did Raging Sea of Blood come down so coincidentally? He must have been alarmed by the sound of his gunshots, right? Now that he was firing here, and there was a hole in the ship, it was even louder. There was no reason he couldn't hear it from the deck outside, right?

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! If it was him, he'd have been so angry that he'd died twice. He'd have taken advantage of the situation no matter what! With this guy's personality, would he really take it lying down?

I'll kill him on the way! Da Fei immediately climbed the stairs and ran toward the first level of the storage space. The best place to kill him would be the zombies in the storage space. He killed the Artillery Chief Boss and ignored the zombies. They were useful now.

What if he didn't come? If he didn't come, it'd be hard to decide. This was what it felt like to "wait for the other boot to hit me." So, he still hoped he would come. He didn't need to be afraid of the worst. If he didn't, he'd feel uncomfortable!

• • •

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood was killing the zombies on the deck with hatred. However, no matter how angry or unhappy he was, he was still afraid of dying twice in a row.

Before he knew it, he could hear more explosions coming from the bottom of the boat! It sounded really harsh in the quiet night.

Raging Sea of Blood frowned. The trash was firing again! The boss was definitely worth using the ballista to fight! If he didn't do something now, what was he waiting for? He'd take revenge, steal the ballista, and kill the boss! Even if he couldn't, he'd smash the ballista! He wouldn't be able to level up to replenish his HP this time, right? He just had to kill this red-named guy once, and his equipment would be gone. Then, he'd kill him at the resurrection point until he reached level zero!

Better to act than to be tempted. Raging Sea of Blood killed all the zombies in his way as he ran toward the bottom of the tank. He killed them instead of charging through the zombies' attacks because he realized he didn't have the upper hand in terms of strength. Especially since his opponent had reached Level 10 and received a 1 point damage reward from the system, he needed to fight with full HP.

Power was how people talked among themselves. Since he killed his way through, Da Fei had time to ambush him.

Raging Sea of Blood jumped off the bottom cabin of the first floor. The zombies started crawling again. Raging Sea of Blood ignored them and ran past them.

Just as he was about to enter the gun compartment, a sinister and vicious cross-barrel shot from the side of the door!

— System Message: You were attacked by player Da Fei. You can retaliate!

— System Message: You were attacked by Paralysis, your movement is suspended!

Raging Sea of Blood roared with bloodshot eyes, "F*ck!!!"

Da Fei sneered. "Idiot!"

There was no way out if he did evil too much. It was all because of what he did in the past. In the end, humans had to do good! Although they had to do good, Da Fei didn't stop. The zombie crowd behind Raging Sea of Blood followed closely!

Yes! Zombies were very useful!

While Raging Sea of Blood cursed, Da Fei leaped down the stairs to escape the zombies.

The world was finally at peace. He had sacrificed 50 Reputation points to make peace. Finally, no one was interfering with his fight with the boss.

With the last two blasts, the Sea Anemone King exploded.

— System Message: You killed the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King! You received 6000 experience points! You received the heart of the Demonized Venom Sea Anemone King!

— System Message: Your "Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins" Progress has reached 9 / 10.

Oh! I have another Sea Anemone's Heart! I have to use it well. I'll definitely sell it for a sky-high price! Who knows how effective it will be? Why not sell it to Raging Sea of Blood? He knew the effect best. His Godly Hero shouldn't be poor, right? Wahahaha!

Now, he only had one boss left. But if he ran into another boss, he really didn't have any cards to play. He'd have to go back to the cabin and defeat the spellbook boss.

Da Fei packed up the ballista and cleaned up a few small sea anemones blocking the way. When he reached the end of the cabin, a thick skeleton was soaked in water.

The final Boss? Da Fei was on full alert. As expected, the skeleton's eye sockets suddenly burned with blue flames! Da Fei backed away nervously.

Just then, a golden exclamation mark appeared on the small map! Da Fei was overjoyed! Everyone who played games knew he had encountered a quest NPC! There were NPCs on this uninhabited island! It felt good to be alive instead of a boss at the last minute! Even though he wasn't alive!

— "Finally, someone found this place…" The skeleton used the longsword in its hand to prop itself up, and its hoarse voice echoed in the cabin. "I'm Captain Renoir of the Saint Tony. We're cursed. We're in the curse space, and our souls can't be freed. I've always been in a dormant state, preserving a small amount of my soul power until someone came. Adventurer, you're the person I've been waiting for. I want to destroy the curse space and make all the seamen's souls rest. I want you to help me fight until the last moment!"

— System Message: You have received the Trial Mission, "Assist the Captain in Battle," which will teleport you to the Trial Space after you are ready. Are you ready?

Trial Mission! I finally got the newbie's graduation mission! I don't have much to say. I'm done preparing!

The skeleton captain's eye sockets burst into flames. He waved the longsword in his hand, and a distorted space door appeared.

"Let's go!"

Da Fei immediately followed. The scene changed. Under a dark and overcast sky, there was an endless sea of gray and black. Da Fei and the captain appeared on a small deserted island very similar to the Island of Miracles, but there were no sunken ships or coconut trees.

Looking at the world in the black and white movie, Da Fei was surprised. "Where is this?"

"The back of the world, the world of the dead, the barrier sealing us is on this island!"

— System Message: You have entered the Hero Legion mode. You have become the sub-hero under Renoir.

— Novice Guide: A hero can command ordinary soldiers or sub-heroes. The Strategy Attack, Defense, and Skills of the main hero still work in a whole group, but they don't stack with the sub-heroes' Strategy Attack, Defense, and Skills. When a sub-hero's Attack, Defense, and Defense attributes are higher than the main hero's, they are limited to the unit led by the sub-heroes. Please refer to the official website for more details.

Da Fei was excited. The Hero army! The dream of the players!

…