Chapter 20: Skill Book In The Sears Room

— System Message: You maliciously killed a player from the same faction, Raging Sea of Blood. You gained -60 Reputation! You became a Red Name!

— Newbie prompt message: Red names can be repented in churches, donated by officials, and reputations, etc., etc. Red names with too much lower Reputation by killing people can't enter the city. Please take care of your Reputation.

— System Message: You have reached level 10 and received the Class Advancement qualification. Please apply for the Class Advancement from the Skills Tutor. Human players can change their Class to Knight or Priest, two hero jobs. After the Class Advancement, every level up will earn one free attribute point, and one system will automatically allocate attribute points. The Knight Class system will automatically allocate defense, and the Priest Class system will automatically allocate knowledge.

— System Message: You have completed the Progress of "Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins", 8 / 10.

• • •

Da Fei didn't have time to bother with the long list of system messages. He immediately used the Ballista to kill the little zombie. After being held up by Raging Sea of Blood for a while, the Ballista only had 30 plus HP left. This was so annoying. What was even more annoying was that his brother got a red name! Although his red name was something he was proud of, it was different now! He was a professional player now. He needed to be a good businessman and earn money!

Looking at the dangerous Ballista and the 1 Skill Point he got from leveling up, Da Fei felt conflicted. Should he upgrade the Study of the War Machines? F*ck, forget it. If the Ballista was already in this state, what hope was there? He'd better save the Skill Points and see what happened next.

But it wasn't just bad luck. The biggest reward this time was the testing of the Demonized Sea Anemone King's Toxin Effect. Reducing all attributes with critical movement interruptions, this effect was indeed incredible! From the fight just now, this interruption cost him one less hit, so he only got four hits! This was equivalent to a 25% damage reduction! And he got one more hit, this was an increase in damage by 25%! It was incredible that an enchantment had this effect? Was there a limitation? At least the Sea Anemone didn't work on Undead creatures.

Based on the Venom Sea Anemone's many tentacles, if its target was touched by a bunch of tentacles, it wouldn't be able to move and would probably be killed. So the anemone couldn't be touched at all? Wouldn't it be an invincible plant monster? If so, the Sea Anemone Army Base would be unimaginably valuable.

Haha! Da Fei was rich! Da Fei instantly felt happier.

When the last zombie fell, the ballista only had 8 HP left!

Da Fei immediately disassembled the ballista. Who knows if the threatening guy would come after him again?

Wait! I can't dismantle it! I need 10 minutes to dismantle the ballista, and he needs 10 minutes to recover from his weakness. I also fought zombies for a long time. What if he came to me for revenge as soon as he recovered, and I happened to be dismantling the ballista? Wouldn't I be at a huge disadvantage?

This was very similar to his older brother. If he was his older brother, he'd definitely take revenge. After all, he won just now because he needed to level up and heal. He couldn't level up anytime, right?

So, to be safe, Da Fei pushed the ballista into the storage space and aimed at the stairs.

Come on, I'll wait for you!

Time passed bit by bit. After about 10 minutes, there were hurried footsteps again! Oh yeah! You came at the right time! Your weakness disappeared when you got here, right? You were right. I was right about you!

With a splash, Raging Sea of Blood jumped down the stairs with a murderous look.

Da Fei, who had been waiting for a while, laughed. "Hello! Goodbye!"

— Boom! Boom! The Ballista fired twice, and the Raging Sea of Blood turned into white light again!

— System Message: You maliciously killed a player from the same faction, Raging Sea of Blood. Your Reputation -50 points!

F*ck! You made me lose my reputation again! Wait, it was 60 points just now, why is it 50 now? Does this mean he was downgraded? Hey, how could I help you? Wahahaha!

As for now, he could start firing.

• • •

In a luxurious bedroom, Raging Sea of Blood angrily took off his helmet and slammed it. "D * mn!"

Smashing the helmet wasn't enough. Raging Sea of Blood kicked over a few more pieces of furniture! Then, he took out his phone and dialed a number. After some thinking, he put down the phone. This was an online game, not a fight in the same city. What was the point of calling? It was only the first day, and his buddies were still buying numbers. If he told them he'd been killed? Wouldn't he be a laughing stock?

In any case, he had to find the ballista himself. As long as he got the grimoire, he wouldn't be afraid of any poison gun. As for the ballista? It was a big problem, but the ballista couldn't be found in the passenger cabin on the first floor. The passenger cabin was his territory!

I can't take it anymore! I'll level up and kill the boss! When I start my own workshop, I'll hunt them all down!

• • •

After Da Fei disassembled the ballista, he felt relaxed. There should be one last level on this ship. He should go down and take a look.

Da Fei reached the stairs at the end of the cargo area. There were ripples below!

What? Water? The boat really got sunk? Then what am I supposed to do?

Ah, wait, there were spare materials and tools on the first floor. I killed a zombie boss and got a tool and a hatchet. This is obviously mending the ship! I'll see when the tide is low tonight. If it's low, the water in the lower cabin should be low too, right?

As for now, he obviously needed to check out the upper level cabin. He needed six room keys to kill a boss! These zombies that could become bosses were probably all Top Operatives before they died, right? Who knows what kind of treasure their rooms had? Wahahaha!

Da Fei snuck back to the uppermost level of the cabin. He could hear the sounds of hacking coming from the deck outside. Oh, he was trying to level up after being embarrassed? He was the same as his older brother, haha!

Da Fei started testing keys in the first room on the stairs. Then, with a click, the cabin door opened, and a moldy smell of dust filled the air. It was good that there was no odor of corpses. Da Fei quietly entered the room.

The room wasn't big, around seven or eight square meters. It didn't have much space either. There was a single bed, a desk, a chair under the desk, and bookshelves, shelves, and closets on the wall. The room was compact and minimalistic, showing the characteristics of a ship's room.

Da Fei couldn't wait to flip the bookshelf. A golden book appeared in front of him! Da Fei's eyes widened!

— System Message: You have received a Defense Skill Book. You can learn Elementary Defense Skill with just one Skill Point.

— Defense Skill: Reduces damage to Heroes, 10% less damage per level.

So it was like this! I knew this novice village didn't have a tutor or an NPC, but there were Skill Books! If there were Skill Books in this room, there must be in the next room too, right? If there were Skills, he'd have to give the rookies equipment rewards too, right? Da Fei started searching for equipment. He didn't believe that the cadre didn't have any equipment!

Voyage log, oil lamp, cup, fountain pen, poetry, and novels, harmonica, what the heck! This zombie was a cultured young man!

Oh! Found it!

— The Water Soldier Master's Official Costume: Sailors only wear uniforms during official review. Costume: 80, Costume: 50, Durability: 96 / 100.

— Costume: Costume control. Costume control is too low to communicate with specific NPCs, making it impossible to enter the official residence's palace.

— Performance of Disguise: It can cover up some of your flaws. Even if you were a crude sailor, wearing it would make you look better.

Da Fei was stunned for a while. That's it? Not even a little bit of defense? What the heck! I don't need this kind of armor right now. I need armor with extra defense! As a defensive sailor, don't you have a backup armor?

Da Fei searched for a long time, but he didn't find anything. Sears didn't wear armor, right? If they were knocked into the sea, they'd be done for. If leather armor rotted quickly, there was no hope for armor. If ordinary equipment was hard to get, strategic treasures were even harder. Forget it. He'd go check out another room.

Da Fei exited the room and locked it gently. Then, he snuck into another room.

After a day of searching in the game, the results were out. Other than a new set of uniforms, as Da Fei had expected, every room had Attack Skill Books, Logistics Skill Books, Leadership Skill Books, Luck Skill Books, and Archery Skills Books!

Basically, he had all combat and adventure skills! Including Markal's room, which he didn't go to, he probably wouldn't be able to get any light magic skill books, damage magic skill books, or arcane spell skill books. In short, he had all the skills an ordinary rookie could learn in a novice village! In the end, other than not being able to change classes, this place was no different from an ordinary novice village. The rookies would learn whatever they needed to learn.

Da Fei looked helplessly at the stack of Skill Books. He wasn't as excited as when he first discovered the Reconnaissance Skill.

When he didn't have any skills, he was always hungry for books. Now that all the books were here, he was really having a headache. What was the point of having more books? Every player wanted to learn all the skills. But he needed skill points! He had to kill bosses here, and the newbies had to talk to their tutors! This was as good as no gain! Was there some random skill in their logbook? Don't bother me! At least the Navigation Boss Juan and Artillery Chief Glint had names. The six wholesale bosses they killed didn't even have names. I don't believe they had any research projects.

Wait! Where was the captain's room?

If these ordinary officers didn't have any equipment or treasures, an Omega boss like the captain would have some, right? Where was the captain's room? The upper floor of the cabin? The captain's room was special though. It was the owner's personal space, equivalent to the property a player bought in the game. No one could enter except for the owner's authorization. Even if the ship sank or the house was demolished, no one could enter. Private property was inviolable.

By now, it was getting dark, and the tide had receded. He'd better check out the lowest level of the cabin.

Da Fei returned to the lowest level. As expected, the water ripples from earlier in the day were gone. He could smell the stench of seawater. What could he do down there? What could he do if he ran into the Boss' 8 HP Ballista? However, since there was water down there, according to the game's rules, the monsters down there were probably sea monsters.

Whatever, he was here. Da Fei took a deep breath and entered Stealth Move.

As soon as he entered the bottom cabin, there was a bright red light in the darkness. Da Fei was stunned. This was… Brother Sea Anemone!

…