Chapter 22: Legion Of Heroes

The so-called Army of Heroes referred to when the commander-in-chief went to war, he would order a group of deputy generals to help lead the army.

For example, if the main hero brought two types of pikemen and bowmen, and the commander appointed a sub-hero to command the pikemen, then the hero army would be formed. Of course, another sub-hero could be appointed to command the bowmen. The commander could bring as many sub-heroes as he had tactical slots.

The value of a hero was its strategic Attack, Defense, and Defense attributes. The number of Attack, Defense, and Defense attributes a hero had would increase the number of Attack, Defense, and Defense attributes the army had. When there was more than one hero in the team, the one with the most strategic Attack and Defense would be the hero.

For example, if the commander-in-chief's attack and defense were higher than all the sub-heroes, then the whole army's attack and defense would be based on the commander-in-chief. Similarly, when the main hero's skill level was higher than all the sub-heroes, the commander-in-chief's skill would be the most accurate.

If the sub-hero had attributes, such as higher defense than the commander, then the defense of the unit led by the sub-hero would be based on the sub-hero. The sub-hero's attack, defense, and skills would only work on the unit under his command.

Therefore, the basic point of forming an army was to have sub-heroes to complement the main hero's abilities. The main hero with high Attack and Defense would obviously recruit magic sub-heroes. Magic-type heroes with low Attack and Defense also needed to recruit warrior sub-heroes with high Attack and Defense. Another important value of sub-heroes was that their Command Power could be directly superimposed on the main hero, which meant that the larger the area, the more soldiers they could bring.

Therefore, even if players met some NPC sub-hero in a tavern, whose attributes and skills were all trash, but whose Command Power was surprisingly high, a hero like this was worth training! After all, having more soldiers was the way to go!

Right, when it came to the NPC heroes in the bar, he had to mention something important, which was that players couldn't form an army of heroes. Otherwise, if the two brothers were on good terms, if you majored in attacking, I majored in defense, and if the brothers worked together and cut gold, how would the game developer earn money? Players and players could only form teams, and if your soldiers were your soldiers, my soldiers were my soldiers, and everyone shared experience, equipment, and missions.

The sub-hero could only be an NPC!

Sub-heroes were like rare online games! But it was easy to recruit a thousand soldiers, hard to find a general, and sub-heroes weren't easy to recruit, requiring Reputation, money, etc. Even a trashy sub-hero could improve the number of soldiers a player could lead! Of course, sub-heroes also needed experience points, so recruiting a sub-hero required a lot of knowledge.

As for the top-quality sub-hero, the top-quality beauty sub-hero was needless to say. She was a crazy existence among other players!

Sub-heroes were divided into three levels: ordinary heroes, Epic heroes, and Legendary heroes. Ordinary heroes were level 1 to 20 NPCs that the system spawned every once in a while in big cities and taverns, many of which had top-level skills. These NPC heroes didn't go there, had no background, and just treated it as a free lunch.

As for Epic Heroes, they had their own stories and legends in the Hero Continent. As soon as they appeared, they had a high level, making it very difficult for players to recruit them as sub-heroes. Of course, Epic Heroes had very ordinary specialties, their value was high-level.

Then, there were Legendary Heroes. These Heroes had incredible strengths and were very powerful. They were usually the best in the country. Players could enjoy being temporary sub-heroes under them by doing missions. Da Fei was in this situation now.

Looking at the various skills buffs on his body, Da Fei could imagine how much his Attack and Defense had improved!

Da Fei opened his attributes panel. Even though he was prepared, he was still shocked!

— Attack 60, Defense 63, Damage 7-9, Attack Speed 12, Movement Speed 12, Health 40, Morale 6, Luck 5.

What the heck! Was this attack and defense going to blind the new players? Da Fei's basic attributes were:

— Attack: 9, Defense: 3 (Personal Defense: 3), Damage: 5-7, Attack Speed: 10, Movement Speed: 10, Health: 38, Morale: 1, Luck: 0.

That was to say, Renoir had 60 Attack, 60 Defense! (The General's Attack and Defense still added to the sub-hero's Attack and Defense.)

Then, there was the Grandmaster-level Attack Skill! The Grandmaster-level Defense Skill! The Grandmaster-level Leadership Skill! The Grandmaster-level Luck Skill! This was incredible! Although he didn't know what level of hero he was, he was still a well-known character in the game's background. He was at least an Epic Hero!

With the addition of 60 Attack, Da Fei's 7-9 Damage increased by 300%, which was 28-36! Then, his Grandmaster Attack Skill increased by 60%, and his final Damage increased by 44-57!

Improve me to the basic level of an angel! Turn something rotten into something magical! How terrifying would an angel with 50 basic damage and 30 Attack be in his hands? I always thought the Master-level Ballista would have incredible damage in the later stages, but in the later stages, the Ballista's 600 HP was really not enough! Of course, in the army mode, Da Fei's Ballista damage was only Da Fei's personal skill attribute and not the addition of the hero. Otherwise, it'd be terrifying if every sub-hero had a Ballista.

If such a powerful hero was defeated by Markal, what kind of existence was Markal? Was he supposed to fight him with his Epic Mission? Was this a joke?

Da Fei asked in shock, "Captain, how powerful is Duke Markal?"

The flames in the skeleton's eye sockets flickered. "In the world of the dead, his name is like a curse. As a deceased, I don't dare to say his name, or I'd become his slave!"

Da Fei was shocked. "What is this? Death?"

The skeleton said seriously, "Below Death, Above the Dead!"

Da Fei was shocked. "The Liege of Death!" Wasn't the Liege of Death's specialty the 10 million USD account with the highest valuation in the world?

The skeleton nodded. "Yes! He's the Liege of Death! A living Liege of Death! You seem to know him?"

Da Fei quickly showed him the seafarer's journal. "I found this on Juan Sebastian's belongings! He was the only living person who escaped on the day of the incident. He didn't turn into a zombie! He recorded everything that happened that day!"

The skeleton's eyes burned with rage. "Juan! I regret not listening to him. It was a huge mistake! When the bottom of our ship was damaged, and all the sailors went to the bottom to unload supplies, we were killed by the gas! I wasn't his match in the end, and I lost to him, while he cursed all of us who died! Adventurer, what are your plans?"

It turned out they had emptied the storage compartment! As an expert, Da Fei knew there was a new plot development. After all, Juan's body was hidden so badly, how could ordinary players find it? There must be a hidden mission in the hidden scenario!

Da Fei immediately said, "Juan wanted me to take revenge for him and expose Markal's scam. Of course, I'll inherit his will and uphold justice!"

In an instant, the skeleton was covered in flames!

Renoir looked up at the sky and laughed. "I always thought I was a fearless person, an explorer who dared to take risks in any dangerous place. But when I died, I felt how small my soul was. I became timid under the torture of the curse. I had no wish for life. My biggest wish was to get rid of the curse, die quietly, and even ascend to Heaven! But I've changed my mind. I want to fight to the end! Adventurer, Juan's last wish is my last wish. I'll help you!"

— System Message: You have accepted the Epic Mission "Conspirer on the Grand Line," Captain Renoir's Revenge. "

— Novice Guide: Branch tasks are not necessary, but completing branch tasks would greatly benefit the completion of the main storyline tasks.

Da Fei was shocked! Was he going to recruit an Epic Undead Hero?

Of course! Giving him an Epic Mission, fighting a superhero, and not giving him an Epic Hero?

Renoir continued, "But before that, I have to destroy the curse on the island, or my soul will be trapped here forever! From now on, I have to destroy the curse with all my heart. It may take a day or two. During this time, many enemies will attack me, and I have no time for anything else. Adventurer, your task is to protect me and stop the enemies from interfering!"

— System Message: Trial Mission "Assist the Captain in Battle" will begin in 30 seconds. Players, please guard against the enemy's attack until the destruction ritual is completed!

Da Fei was stunned! What the heck! So you can't fight yet! You're just relying on me, a small soldier, to defend! However, with my level up, ordinary enemies really don't want to see me! I can kill anyone below Level 4! I'll fight!

What if he failed? Da Fei couldn't be bothered to think about this. Just like how he never cared if he didn't win the lottery. After all, he was a failure in real life. He didn't fail too many times in the game.

Since there was still time, Da Fei took out the newbie bag and started eating and drinking, replenishing his energy. It had been five days in the game, right? That Raging Sea of Blood should have run out of fresh water too, right? His fruits were all taken by him. Was he thirsty? Haha!

— System Message: Trial Mission begins in 10 seconds.

At this moment, Renoir walked to the middle of the deserted island. He poured cold flames all over his body into the sword, then stabbed the sword into the ground. A shockwave spread out. The dark sky above the island gave off a sudden clap of thunder, and the surrounding gray sea also rippled.

— System Message: Trial Mission has started! Good luck!

A red dot flashed on the map, and a weird creature with four legs crawled onto the beach.

He had never seen an army before! There was no introduction on the official website either! Of course, there were as many types of undead as there were insects in the Surface World.

Da Fei rushed toward the dog-sized Bone Fish and shot it!

— System Message: You have incomplete information on the Nether Sea Bone Servant!

— System Message: You killed a Nether Sea Bone Servant, you received 50 experience points!

50 experience points?! Da Fei opened the information panel.

— Dark Sea Bone Servant:

Small Undead creatures.

Attack?

Armor 10

Health: 45

Damage:?

Attack Speed: 8

Movement Speed: 5

Special skills:?

Experience: 50

Special skills:?

This HP Defense was at the level of a normal Level 4 soldier! Of course, soldiers were considered high-level units from Level 4 onwards, so there was a lot of fluctuation in experience, which couldn't be measured by regular units of Level 1, 2, and 3. In short, the more skills there were, the more HP there was, and the more experience there would be. This was the so-called difficulty coefficient that determined the experience. Elite forms often had one more skill than normal forms, so it was normal for the experience to be twice as high. As for bosses, they couldn't be calculated with common sense.

This was the first soldier? What would happen next?

At this moment, another Bone Servant crawled onto the beach. Without thinking, Da Fei ran toward it.

…