Chapter 29: Dragon Slayer Guild

The video of the Chinese server's Godly Sea War hero, Raging Sea of Blood, being killed by a normal Pikeman to Lv 0, shocked tens of thousands of players.

While it wasn't Raging Sea of Blood's style to make himself look bad, if he wanted to be famous at this time of year, especially internationally, the fastest and most effective way was to make himself look bad. Good things didn't come out of doors, but bad things did. Being famous would help the newly-established Blood Sea Studio make a name for itself, as well as fight off enemies.

After learning about what had happened to Raging Sea of Blood, his three buddies, who had just bought a new account to join the game, realized what had happened yesterday. How should they react?

In short, even Hero News' program team reacted quickly to this sensational event. After all, Hero News always stood at the forefront of fashion.

Host: "Hello, everyone. Let's play a live feed of a regrettable PvP event in the China server. This event has had a negative impact on the international image of Chinese players. Let's call Captain Jiang of the Star Team again to answer the Player's interest in the paralytic toxin. Hello, Captain Jiang!"

Captain Jiang: "Hello host, everyone."

Host: "Based on the video provided by the target, as well as the battle record, this paralytic toxin has the ability to interrupt the target's movements. Does this mean the target can never attack the target?"

Captain Jiang: "Take that player Da Fei's Pikeman as an example. The Pikeman's Attack Speed is 10. Theoretically, as long as the enemy's Attack Speed is lower than 5, which is to say, they won't be able to attack even after being shot twice, then they'll never be able to attack. This is indeed a very weird weapon enchantment. However, in the game, Zombies have Attack Speed of 6, so it's hard to find an army that is slower than Zombies. It's very rare to see someone completely unable to attack."

Host: "But in a battle, interrupting the opponent once can always decide the battle, right?"

Captain Jiang nodded. "That's right. But I'm sure this Paralysis Toxin is a very rare weapon enchantment. It can't be used in large numbers, so it won't have much of an impact in large-scale battles. But players don't have to worry. Whether it's the zombie's toxin or other toxin damage, as long as players put on equipment with Toxic Resistance, they can prevent the toxin effect. Toxin Resistance can be obtained by the Alchemist Guild in the main city…"

• • •

Dragon Slaying Network Entertainment, one of the three biggest e-sports clubs in China, the headquarters of the Dragon Slaying Guild, one of the top three online gaming guilds in China.

At this moment, the chairman of the company, Ma Yinglong, was watching the latest issue of the Hero News with a frown. He looked very depressed.

"Xingchen! Xingchen! Ask Xingchen about everything! Xingchen all the time!" His assistant, Chang Liang, said dismissively, "It's only been four days since the game started. We don't know if they'll be the first to build a guild in the game. Don't worry, bro. We need to level up and win the number one guild in the China server."

Ma Yinglong nodded. "That's right. That's why we have to do our best to be the first to build a guild. This game is different from previous games. This is a world-class game. Whoever builds a guild first represents an international image and is crucial to the company's interests. We have to do our best this time."

Chang Liang nodded. "Don't worry, brother. Right, this Raging Sea of Blood has a bright future. Should we try to get him to join us?"

Ma Yinglong said calmly, "It's good that you're here. We need to maintain a cooperative relationship."

Chang Liang immediately said, "OK, I'll tell the subordinates. No, I'll try to contact him myself."

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, "Thank you."

Ma Yinglong, the president of the Dragon Slayer Guild, had a game ID and dragon scales. He'd been in the company for years and hadn't played games. Chang Liang, the successor groomed by Ma Yinglong, was the number one player in the Dragon Slayer Guild. He had a game ID, Dragon Tooth, and was a well-known professional player in China.

This issue of the Hero News triggered unpleasant memories, or rather, painful ones.

Da Fei! A scumbag who made him grit his teeth! There were many people with the same name on the Internet. It didn't matter if this Da Fei was the same Da Fei as before. But it was because of this scumbag that the Dragon Slaying Guild's former number one guild position was shaken, allowing Stars and the Ninth Heaven to take advantage of the situation to rise. Now, the three largest online game guilds in the China server had a threesome. Now, Stars had surpassed the Dragon Slaying Guild in all areas and were faintly the number one player guild in the China server.

Many years ago, Ma Yinglong was just a teenager who skipped classes every day and hung out at the internet cafe. He was passionate about online games. Not only was his skills top-notch, but he also had a strong tactical sense and voice control. As a result, he gathered a bunch of diehard friends. At that time, they started a gold-plated group, fought for equipment, and sold money, making a lot of money.

He could play games he liked and earn several times as much money as other people did at work. Where else could he find such a good deal? The answer was to join Brother Long's team!

Thus, Ma Yinglong's offline elite team, the "Dragon Slayer," was officially created. Their team would log onto whatever game was fun and had business opportunities. Then, the guild grew bigger, and there were more offline branches. As a result, the Dragon Slayer Guild became a hot target for certain games, to the point of deciding the life and death of a game!

At this level of playing the game, huge profits came with it. The Dragon Slaying Guild became a target for all the big game companies to curry favor with. It was no longer something easy to earn money and sell equipment.

That year, a game called "Industry." It went public. The Dragon Slayer Guild was invited to join the game with a lot of money.

It was in that year that the Dragon Slaying Guild met a scumbag named Da Fei. In the beginning, he stole the Boss-level pet tiger, the president of the Dragon Scale Guild, from the novice village. Then, he acted like an accomplice, acting like a dog, acting like a tiger. The Dragon Slaying Guild also mobilized some subordinates to hunt him down, but this scumbag never stopped.

After that, the Dragon Slayer Guild tried to kill the boss in order to be the first guild to be created in the game, with the average level of the members not high enough, in an attempt to get a Guild Token. At the crucial moment of the battle, the scumbag named Da Fei suddenly rushed out, killed the entire team, killed the boss, and stole the Guild Token. The most disgusting thing was, the scumbag actually got the Guild Name of the Dragon Slayer!

Their signboard was stolen. This joke was quite big, and it was a huge blow to the reputation of the Dragon Slaying Guild.

In order to save their reputation, Dragon Scale swallowed his pride and sent someone to talk to Da Fei in private, asking for money to buy back the guild. However, Da Fei couldn't communicate with him! He actually didn't believe in the Dragon Slayer Guild's sincerity! Not only that, he became even more aggressive. He recruited all kinds of shameless and trashy players in the game to PvP the guild. He tarnished the reputation of the Dragon Slayer Guild with the excuse of treating internet addiction, ruining the game's reputation.

In the end, the game of Dominance didn't end well. The Dragon Slayer Guild also declined from victory. Stars and the Ninth Heaven rose to power.

A career wasn't like playing games. If he made a mistake in pushing a boss, he'd just revive and start over. If he made a career mistake, he'd make more mistakes.

After that incident, Ma Yinglong became more cautious and mature. Mistakes could make a person grow.

Now, an international game like Hero Genesis was even more extraordinary. This time, the Dragon Slaying Guild needed to unite all their forces to reach the top again!

As he was thinking, his assistant appeared and whispered in his ear, "Boss, President Fifty Shiloh wants to see you in person."

Ma Yinglong frowned. Then, he sighed. "Fine. Arrange a time. I'm free at any time. Make sure it's confidential. Chang Liang can't know either."

"Understood."

…