Chapter 24: Military Construction: Sea Anemone Hive

Shumilouco

When another golden light fell from the sky, Da Fei was level 12. He killed a Level 5 soldier with two shots to level up. It felt amazing!

The Sea Anemone had grown into a silver-black ball as tall as a man. It was already halfway done. Compared to the regular army building, which took at least half a month to complete, it was amazing.

Renoir suffered quite a bit too. However, no matter how good a Level 5 soldier was, they only had 15 Attack and around 15 Damage. When faced with a 50 Attack and Defense difference, they didn't even have 1 / 3 Damage. Then, with his Grandmaster-level Defense Skill reducing 60%, they only had 2 Damage at most. Compared to his Boss' HP, this was nothing.

The real threat to him wasn't these ordinary soldiers, it was the boss! There must be a boss in this trial, right?

A giant silver moon slowly rose from the sea. The dark clouds covering the sky were gone. How big was the moon? 100 times the size of an ordinary moon! This was definitely not the moon on Earth.

The waves of the netherworld sea created a huge noise. Fog filled the surface of the sea.

Renoir said in a low voice, "The Month of Death, the source of life in the world of the dead, the source of power. The enemies will attack even more crazily later."

Da Fei asked in shock, "Then, what about you?"

Renoir said in a low voice, "My life is slowly recovering. But the curse boundary will be stronger too. I have no advantage. We have to survive tonight."

Heals? What's there to panic about? The scare during the day was just to give the gamers experience. It seemed like the dinner was at night. It was probably daytime in the Surface World.

At this moment, the tip of the silver and black sphere suddenly clicked, and a short red meat column broke out of its shell. Was this a tentacle? Was this army base a living creature? Or was it a Sea Anemone King that could give birth?

Maybe! Very likely! The Elven Tree of Life was a fighting building. In fact, many of the high-level buildings were alive and could fight!

If this sea anemone was similar to the Elf Tribe, it could fight the Boss! Looking at the building's progress bar rising under the moonlight, Da Fei laughed excitedly! He finally understood why this sea anemone was hiding in the sand and absorbing soul energy. The Surface World with sunlight wasn't suitable for its growth. Maybe the Undead World was its real home?

Now, countless Undead Naga appeared in the thick fog. Da Fei was very confident. Come on! My Sea Anemone is dying!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! If a powerful enemy approaches, please be on guard.

Da Fei was shocked! Boss!

Sure enough, behind the mob of monsters, a tall undead Naga wielding a pair of giant bone knives charged through the fog! No way! The boss was here right from the start! He was going to die!

Renoir hurriedly said, "A powerful enemy has appeared. We have to stop it! It has the power to disrupt my ritual!"

Holy shit! Even the NPC wasn't calm anymore!

This trial should have been completed by two players under normal circumstances, right? There should be the help of the Dark Magic Book, right? He was alone now, and the Sea Anemone was still growing. It didn't look like he could take it on by himself. What should he do?

He'd have to play the same way, stall, stall, stall until the sea anemone was completed!

Da Fei hurriedly said to Renoir, "I have a sure-win strategy. Captain, you have to hold on! Steady! Steady!" Then, he quickly dodged to the side to avoid being blind.

Renoir said anxiously, "Don't mess with me!"

The Undead Naga charged forward and surrounded the captain, hacking at him. In an instant, − 2, − 1, − 2, − 2 kept appearing above the captain's head. By the time the boss arrived, the captain was already surrounded by the mobs. With nowhere to go, the boss just stood there and watched.

This was the holding position. It was the same as when Da Fei was attacking the Boss with the ballista in the storage cabin. Even more ideal, the Boss didn't fight the Sea Anemone. It seemed like this trial was artificially limited. The monster's target was the captain, ignoring the players. It was similar to game rules like Tower Defense.

In this case, Da Fei tried to stab a monster. When he attacked, seven-colored light flashed above his head—Lucky Strike! Double the damage! Instakill!

This was the Captain's Luck Skill! The Lucky Strike dealt twice the maximum damage!

— Luck Skill: Every level of skill increases the Luck of the Hero and the Hero Squad by 1 point. With 1 point of Luck, there is a 2% chance of a lucky strike.

Master-level was 5 points, which meant there was a 10% chance to deal a Lucky Strike. When there were fewer soldiers, the effect wouldn't be noticeable, but when there were more soldiers, the 10% was pretty scary! It was like how 10 out of 100 soldiers would deal double the damage. On the other hand, when the Luck Point was negative, the Bad Luck Strike could deal half the minimum damage. Lowering the enemy's Luck was the demon race's specialty.

Right at this moment, the situation became worse! The bystanders, including the boss, immediately started chasing after Da Fei! Although their target was the captain, they would attack any provocative enemy when they had nothing to do.

Da Fei was shocked! Run!

Da Fei dragged a large group of monsters and started running around the island marathon. Da Fei's Movement Speed, which was increased to 12 points, was quite impressive.

One round, two rounds, three rounds.

The captain wailed from afar. "Adventurer, protect me! This can't go on!"

Da Fei's butt tightened. He had to say, "Captain, hang in there. Time is victory!" How could a monster fight a boss if it couldn't? He believed in his own strength.

Maybe if the number of enemies on the island was saturated, there would be no new monsters on the sea. Da Fei's stamina was running low, and he couldn't run anymore. The faster he moved, the more stamina he would need. He had no choice but to take out a coconut and smash it. Stamina + 100! Oh yeah! Keep going!

Four laps, five laps, six laps! Was the Sea Anemone not done yet? Da Fei looked back at the monsters chasing him. His heart skipped a beat. Aren't they tired? Don't they have 100 points of stamina? Or do they have endless stamina under the moonlight?

The captain shouted, "Adventurer!"

Da Fei took out a coconut and shouted, "— this pain in the wind and rain is nothing—"

How many rounds has it been? Da Fei couldn't remember. He could clearly feel the speed of the monsters chasing him decreasing! Wahahaha! I thought you were marathons and could never run to death! You have times when you don't have the energy!

Right at this moment…

— System Message: Your source of troops, "Sea Anemone Hive," has been completed!

— Novice Guide: You have your own recruitment building. The recruitment building requires relevant resources and population to train your troops.

At this moment, Da Fei's Overlord panel suddenly lit up!

Da Fei looked toward the center of the island in surprise. He saw a few long tentacles flying out, instantly killing the monsters surrounding the captain!

Oh yeah! He was doing well!

As the mobs died, there was an opening. The mobs chasing Da Fei immediately followed their original mission, giving up on Da Fei and attacking the captain.

Seeing the snake monsters' slow movements, Da Fei was overjoyed! They didn't have any stamina left! Without stamina, their damage would be the lowest, maybe even halved! It'd be easier to take down this Boss.

There was nothing else to say. Since the boss wasn't physically strong enough, he should focus on attacking the boss and not give the boss time to recover. Da Fei opened the Overlord panel. There was a Tentacle Meat Sea Anemone icon in the inventory. He clicked on it.

— Enchanted Venom Sea Anemone's Nest: Recruitment of Soldiers. Attack: 80 (+ 60), Defense: 70 (+ 60), Damage: 10-12 (+ 2), Durability: 1000, Attack Speed: 3 (+ 2), Movement Speed: 0, Special Skill: Multiple Attacks (5 tentacles), Venom Paralysis Attack, Catapult Attack. Current number of Venom Sea Anemones: 1 / 1.

— Pfft! Da Fei was so shocked he spat out a mouthful of sinus!

80 Attack! 70 Defense! Heroes' attributes could be superimposed on buildings! This was incredible! The Elven Architects didn't have this setting! The Elven Architects could fight, but they were still classified as war machines, archery towers, and other buildings. The fact that the hive could superimpose the Heroes' Attack and Defense could only mean one thing. The hive was both a building and a creature! Any creature could be led by the hero!

Then why bother saying anything?

What did 80 Attack mean? 1 Attack + 5% Damage, 80 Attack + 400%! 10 Damage would be 50! With the addition of the Grandmaster Attack Skill, 60% would be 80! And this was just the damage of a tentacle, not a special skill yet!

Let's attack the boss!

At this moment, the boss led the army and slowly approached the captain. The five tentacles of the Sea Anemone Hive shot out—pow pow pow!

Da Fei was shocked! How could it only deal this little damage? If the Catapult Attack could deal two to three times the normal damage, then the Sea Anemone would only deal less than 40 damage! If it wasn't a skill, the Sea Anemone's normal damage would be 50!

What did this mean? It meant the boss's Defense Skills weren't much weaker than Renoir's Attack! If its Defense was so impressive, how bad could its Attack be? No wonder Renoir couldn't stay calm when it appeared! How could he fight it under normal circumstances? Did he need the black magic book to constantly lower its Attack? But if his Stamina decreased, he'd have been hit with all the black magic, right?

Da Fei frowned! No, he couldn't take this risk! The Black Magic Book could summon Zombies. With so many Zombies being buffed by the Hero's abnormal attributes, they'd be powerful, but he didn't have that much combat power.

He needed to stall for time! The Sea Anemone Nest had 1000 HP, so the Sea Anemone could last a few rounds with him.

But with the boss right in front of him, he'd definitely get to the target location. If he wanted to stop the monster, he'd have to charge in and block its path! No, this was more risky. Even though the monster's target was the boss, it could just kill him. Who knows what would happen if he died?

Sea anemone! He had a small army of sea anemones. He needed to get the soldiers to stop him!

"Yes."