Chapter 26: Trial Reward

(New novel has been uploaded for 10 days without a single vote. During Da Fei's happy exit from the island, please vote, please accept recommendations.)

I'm back? Da Fei felt like this was a lifetime ago. I'm back. Too bad my Sea Anemone Hive was left in the World of the Undead forever. It could have sold for tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands. Let's see.

— System Message: You have completed the Trial Mission, "Assist the Captain in Battle," gaining 20 thousand experience.

— System Message: Congratulations, you have leveled up to level 15. You have received 1 Free Attribute Point, 1 Skill Point, Health + 2, Command Power + 1, Basic Damage + 1.

— System Message: You have received a [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Captain's Sword.

— Captain's Sword: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Quest Item, Attack + 1, Defense + 1, Damage + 1, Attack Speed + 1. On the sea, this sword's effect is doubled.

— System Message: You have a certificate for a large high-speed sailing ship.

Da Fei laughed when he saw the system notifications.

Strategy Treasure. The reward for the mission was actually a [B] class Strategy Treasure! Strategy Treasure was different from ordinary individual equipment. It could improve the entire army, and its location did not conflict with ordinary equipment. So, even if Da Fei was a pikeman and could not use a longsword, it would not affect his usage.

The easiest and most popular treasure on the market at the moment was the C-rank Strategy Treasure, the "Blood Claw Necklace." It only had one attribute: Army Damage + 1! That's right, it had the same effect as the Attack Skill sub-skill, "War Maniac," which added + 1 damage. Players all knew what + 1 damage meant for low-level soldiers who only had 1, 2, 3, and 4 points of damage at the beginning stages. It often meant that when a hero leveled up by more than 10 levels, he would have more than 10 points of damage.

This Captain's Sword only needed an attribute of + 1 damage to be a [C] class treasure, while doubling the attribute at sea meant + 2 damage! This was incredible! If it wasn't limited to being used at sea, it would definitely be [A] class! As for the other attributes, it was just a gift. What a good sword! What a good sword! It was practically a low-level weapon!

This night of hard work was worth it. Da Fei put on the longsword with satisfaction. Then, he excitedly checked his attributes.

Level: 15

Reputation: -160 (3 kills)

Attack: 10 (There are 6 free attribute points that haven't been allocated yet)

Defense: 4 (3 points of personal defense for the leather armor, 1 point of strategic defense for the treasure)

Mana: 0

Knowledge: 0

Basic Damage: 7-9

Health: 48

Attack Speed: Normal 11 (Captain's Sword + 1)

Movement Speed: 10

Morale: 1

Luck: 0

Command Power: 14

Stamina: 100

Skills: Elementary Nautical Skill, Advanced Reconnaissance Skill (Stealth, Intelligence Gathering), Intermediate Study of the War Machine (Ballista Master), 6 skill points not allocated.

• • •

Da Fei was happy with his attributes, but at the same time, he was also happy. After all, he was used to the thrill of killing Level 4 soldiers with one shot under the leadership of a powerful hero. Now that he was back to square one, he felt a little uncomfortable.

Wait! This is the game company's evil intention! This is a temporary task for players to experience the benefits of the Army of Heroes, to experience the benefits of being a high-level hero, to fight for the rest of your life with money! What the heck! I'm here to make money, not to make money. I'm not falling for your game company's trap!

Now it was time to see his own boat.

— The possession certificate for large high-speed sailing ships (Quest rewards cannot be traded with players):

Name: St. Anthony (Changeable)

Captain: Dafei

Ship specifications: Large 4-masted 3-story high-speed sailing ship.

Ship Special Skill: Blessing of God (Sailor's Luck + 2)

Shipping capacity: 1000 units

Ships with the least crew capacity: 30 people (below the minimum number of crew members would not be able to perform normally)

Ship Durability: 2357 / 3754

Time Usage: 10 Years

Ship Armor Defense: 80

Ship Speed: 10 (Note: In order to match the speed set for the soldiers in the game, the ship's speed doesn't need to be "fast." 10 refers to the maximum speed of 10 meters per second. During the nautical age, the maximum speed for sailing ships varied from model to model: 10 to 20 knots, 1 = 18 kilometers per hour. 20 knots is the maximum speed of 10 meters per second. The Hero's Nautical Skill could increase the ship's speed.)

Sea God Insurance Lv: 0 (Note: The ship is a valuable property of the player. If it is sunk, the player will suffer heavy losses. Therefore, the game has a safety deposit level, which is to make a huge deposit in a big city with the Sea Goddess Shrine. Once the ship is sunk, the Sea God's power can send the ship back to the port where the ship left, but the ship will lose all cargo and navy members. At the same time, the ship's durability cap will decrease. The ship can be revived too. The deposit level 1 can revive once, the deposit level 2 can revive twice, etc.)

Ship's current status: Bottom of the ship is damaged, unable to sail, cursed by misfortune (Sears of Luck -3).

Da Fei breathed a long sigh of relief. He finally got his hands on the ship. He couldn't just take the ship. He needed a certificate. Well, without a certificate, the navy would confiscate the ship. Captain, you're really kind. You even gave me a driver's license.

As for now, of course, I'm just checking my own ship. There's another birdman on the ship, right? Haha, I'm sorry. This ship is my territory now. I don't welcome him anymore. Especially that Spellbook Boss. I can't let him have it.

• • •

In the passenger cabin of the sunken ship, Raging Sea of Blood charged toward the zombies. After a whole day of hacking, plus the high efficiency of Master-level sub-skill, Raging Sea of Blood leveled up to Level 10 like a rocket. He also received a 1 point basic damage reward from the system.

Now was the time to deal with the boss. If he wasn't distracted by that trash, he would have won the fight.

Raging Sea of Blood angrily charged toward the boss's room. Suddenly, there were no more zombies! What happened? The boss stopped summoning zombies?

When Raging Sea of Blood reached the boss's room, the boss wasn't summoned anymore.

This had to be a change in the game's settings. The trash must have done something! An uneasy feeling came over him. But he couldn't think too much. Wasn't a boss he couldn't summon just trash? He needed to get the spellbook first.

Raging Sea of Blood resisted the curse and started hacking at the ghost boss. In the face of the absolute power gap, the boss was struggling to defend itself. The grimoire kept sending mana to heal it. In the end, the grimoire seemed to have dimmed too. The boss couldn't heal anymore!

Haha, he couldn't do it anymore! Thinking of how he was going to get the grimoire he had always dreamed of, Raging Sea of Blood couldn't help but shout, "Die!"

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood's anus tightened. A familiar numbness spread throughout his body!

— System Message: You were attacked by player Da Fei. You can retaliate now!

Raging Sea of Blood was so shocked he turned to look. Da Fei!

Da Fei smiled grimly. "Thanks! Goodbye!" With another shot, Raging Sea of Blood cursed and turned into white light.

— System Message: You maliciously killed Player Raging Sea of Blood. Reputation -100.

Hehe! The ship belonged to him, so of course, the things on the ship belonged to him too. He didn't even need to think about stealing his boss, but the loss of reputation would be heartbreaking.

Da Fei was obviously different from before in the game. This Boss didn't have any health regeneration issues, so there was no doubt he would win. Maybe, with the curse space destroyed, this Boss' combat power would be greatly reduced.

— System Message: You have killed the Phantom of Doom. You received 250 experience points! You received "Markal's Dark Magic Skill Book." You received the Phantom of Doom Soul Crystal.

— System Message: You received incomplete information on the Phantom of Doom.

Da Fei was stunned! This little experience wasn't really a Boss? A Dark Magic Skill Book? Not a Magic Book? What happened? Da Fei checked his inventory.

— Markal's Dark Magic Skill Book: The Dark Magic Skill Book that Markal learned with his heart. While Markal studied spells, the book had absorbed a lot of Markal's meditation power. Now that his power was used up, the spell book became a normal Skill Training Book. You need to spend 1 Skill Point to learn the elementary Dark Magic Skill.

— Elementary Dark Magic: Able to learn and use level 1 Dark Magic.

— Phantom of Bad Luck Soul Crystal: Unknown item.

Ah! Da Fei almost vomited blood! I knew it. How could a high-level Strategy Treasure like the Magic Book appear in a novice village, in the hands of a little ghost?! It was just a Charged Skill Book! Did that mean the Magic Book's mana was used up by this little ghost? Did that mean, under normal circumstances, the players should team up to take down the little ghost at the start of the game and save as much mana as possible for the Boss?

Sigh, if he knew this would happen, he wouldn't have had to worry about the book falling into Raging Sea of Blood's hands. He really worried for nothing. But what was up with the Phantom of Doom? It was still an evil spirit, right? Its attributes, which weren't fully understood, seemed to be stronger than evil spirits. The upgraded form of an evil spirit? Elite soldiers like evil spirits could continue to upgrade? Then, what was this unknown item's soul crystal? A quest item? Whatever, there were all sorts of undead creatures. He didn't need to worry about them.

Most importantly, there was a special version for a popular skill book. It was worth researching. Da Fei opened the first page of the book with interest.

Life was unpredictable, filled with chaos, filth, and pain. Death meant peace, eternity, and order!

What the heck, the opening comments were very different! He kept looking. Oh yeah, there were so many words! Did Markal like to mess around in textbooks?

Life followed God's Creation Laws. While it was relatively perfect, it was destined to limit its growth. Undead creatures had the potential to grow infinitely. Zombies and specters were the purest representations of Undead and Soul-type Undead respectively. They were also the Undead race that could easily create a leader unit. So far, no wizard had manually created a leader unit, as wizards didn't know much about the process of Undead evolving from an ordinary unit to a leader unit. In my opinion, this wasn't a simple process, but many stages.

Ironically, lifeforms didn't have much room for growth, which was always looked down on by wizards, but there were legendary elven heroes who could train ordinary human archers and elven archers into powerful Phantom Archers. These were completely different creatures. This was a leap in lifeforms. Whether it was life or undead, this was the domain of God. We were still elementary schoolers in this regard. We should be more modest and cautious. I think we should start with the simplest zombies and ghosts…

Da Fei's eyes widened! This Markal was ambitious. His goal was to create Bosses in batches? Did that mean all the Zombie Bosses in the cabin were created by him? Could this book provide God-level skills?

"F*ck you!" Raging Sea of Blood shouted angrily.

Da Fei put down the book to take a look. Right. That guy didn't even get rid of his weakened state before climbing onto the boat to take revenge. Was he crazy with anger?

…