Chapter 27: The Price Of Leaving The Desolate Island

Raging Sea of Blood was really mad.

When Raging Sea of Blood was ambushed, he looked back and saw Da Fei's level. Level 15! In just one day of the game and more than two hours in real life, this trash had gone from level 10 to level 15. This speed was faster than any known expert in the world. All of this was because this trash stole his Godly Hero Trial Mission.

And now, he had been killed four times in a row, and the grimoire was in his hands. He had no chance of making a comeback. He had lost, he had suffered a crushing defeat. Other than his level, he had gotten nothing! The trial of the Godly Hero was a joke.

Raging Sea of Blood made up his mind. If that was the case, he wouldn't even need a level! Trash had a red name, so he'd be completely famous. He'd be chased around for the rest of his life and never be able to make a name for himself! He'd make sure this trash couldn't survive in the game anymore!

Therefore, Raging Sea of Blood ignored his weakened state of resurrection and rushed onto the ship to take revenge on Da Fei. It didn't matter even if he was killed until level 0. Newcomers before level 10 weren't worth much anyway.

• • •

Facing the aggressive Raging Sea of Blood, Da Fei had nothing to say. He just needed a few shots. Given the difference in power between the two parties, Raging Sea of Blood wouldn't stand a chance in his weakened state. Even in his normal state, he wouldn't be Da Fei's match. The tables had turned.

For Da Fei, killing someone in the game was as common as eating. He acted as if nothing had happened and started checking the room, which was probably Markal's room. Unfortunately, there were no more equipment and skills books, not even a piece of paper. It was not like what the Artillery Chief had described in his diary: the room was full of books.

Forget it. It was good enough to have a skill book. This was a novice village after all. Maybe he missed this book when he was moving?

He went to repair the ship. Da Fei headed toward the first level of the cargo hold. As he was moving the wood, Raging Sea of Blood charged toward him while cursing. F*ck!

— System Message: You maliciously killed Player Raging Sea of Blood. Reputation -90.

Hey hey hey! This can't be right! Is this guy doing this on purpose?

Soon, Raging Sea of Blood shouted again. Damn, that's right, he did it on purpose! He thought it was easy for newbies to level up, and it wasn't worth it, so he came to make his workers lose face.

Da Fei panicked. "I said, do you have to do this?"

Raging Sea of Blood said angrily, "I told you, even if I can't play with this account anymore, I can always ask buyers for millions of yuan. I can do whatever I want!"

Da Fei sighed. "Ah, right. It's because your account is worth a few million yuan that I don't feel guilty stealing your account. Hurry up and sell it."

Raging Sea of Blood laughed maniacally. "Even if I have to sell my account, I won't let you off easily. If you don't kill me until I reach level 0, I won't let you off! Even if I reach level 0, I won't let you off, wahahaha!"

Da Fei was so angry his balls almost exploded. "You're really sick. I'll cure you!"

Now, Raging Sea of Blood was pestering Da Fei endlessly. When he saw Da Fei moving materials, he started stealing Da Fei's materials, forcing Da Fei to hunt him down.

Da Fei never felt pressured killing people in the game, but now, the pressure was unbearable. Da Fei couldn't remember how many times he had killed him. His Reputation had also broken past the - 1000 mark. He had won the honor of being called a "thug"! Reputation was easy to lose, but hard to gain. But this wasn't the end! Raging Sea of Blood seemed to be enjoying this!

Da Fei looked up at the sky, speechless. I'm not afraid of idiots, I'm afraid of lunatics. I must have treated too many internet addictions in the game a few years ago, so the God of Games sent a lunatic to punish me! I was wrong, okay?

The day passed just like that. The repairing of the ship was slow.

The next day, which was the 7th day of the game time, which was also the morning of the second day of the real world time, Raging Sea of Blood finally couldn't move anymore. He had seven days of water and wood as a rookie. He was weak from hunger, weak from death, and could walk as slowly as a turtle. Thank God, Da Fei finally had the energy to fix the holes in the sail.

Da Fei smiled. "Hey, everyone stayed up all night, right? Aren't you eating breakfast?"

Raging Sea of Blood laughed maniacally. "You want to eat sh * t when you're hungry, right? Go ahead. I'll tear down this stupid ship the moment you leave!"

What the heck! Retribution! Da Fei made up his mind. "If you want to die so badly, I'll help you!"

Raging Sea of Blood laughed. "Kill, kill, kill, kill! If I don't kill you, you're my son!"

Now, Raging Sea of Blood ordered takeout. Da Fei ordered a soup dumpling downstairs. The two of them stuffed themselves before fighting again.

Another two days of game-playing had passed. Raging Sea of Blood was already at Level 0. Da Fei's Reputation had also broken the -3000 mark. He was given the nickname "notorious"!

Finally, when Da Fei kicked away the troublemaker and changed to a new sail cable,

— System Message: Congratulations! You fixed the St. Anthony high-speed sailing ship! Your experience + 10,000.

It's fixed, it's finally fixed! Not easy, not easy at all. Da Fei was so excited that tears streamed down his face. God of Games! Please, let the storm come. Let the storm be stronger. I can't stand this trash anymore!

Maybe he heard Da Fei's prayer, or maybe the game was progressing as soon as the ship was fixed. Either way, dark clouds gathered in the sky. The sky was dark, the wind was blowing, and the waves were crashing!

It's here! There's finally a big wind! Da Fei immediately directed the sail in the direction of the wind. Bang! The canvas burst open, and the ship shook. The ship moved! Excited, Da Fei immediately adjusted the direction of the other three sails. The ship began to move slowly. Wahahaha, we're going out of Shallow Beach! Can a single person drive such a big ship? Of course. Even if there was no one, they could still float around the world.

Da Fei walked to the side of the ship, feeling relieved. He pointed his middle finger at the stunned Raging Sea of Blood! F*ck, can you go back? I won't take you on the ship. Go sell your account.

Raging Sea of Blood was indeed shocked. While it was obvious from Da Fei's actions that the ship was in his hands, it was still a shock to see him sail! What did it mean for a newcomer to get such a big ship at this stage?

In the game, killing monsters, mining, studying, and doing business all had experience. His ship was dozens of times larger than ordinary players. If he made a deal, wouldn't the experience be dozens of times greater?

— System Message: Very sorry! Your Trial Mission failed! You will be teleported back to the Newbie Hall.

After the scene changed, Raging Sea of Blood returned to the magnificent and solemn beginner's hall.

So he came back after failing. He thought he'd be stranded on the island, waiting for his buddies to pick him up.

It was still the Winged Angel examiner. He said sarcastically, "When you're blinded by the benefits in front of you, you lose opportunities you shouldn't have. It's a good thing you realized you weren't good enough. You transferred your trial to someone stronger. I was shocked by your selfless contribution, and I was more or less touched by you. I'll allow you to start over like ordinary people. Haha, wahahahaha…"

Amidst the jeers, Raging Sea of Blood appeared in a crowded plaza.

My benefits were all taken by other people, so I'm selfless? Raging Sea of Blood was so angry that he laughed! He laughed so reluctantly and helplessly. All of a sudden, Raging Sea of Blood felt that this game was so boring.

At this moment, his phone rang. Raging Sea of Blood saw that there were many missed calls. It was Xiao Ma, Tian'ge, and the others! He was so focused on killing that he didn't hear his phone ring.

"Hey, Ah Tao? Are you dreaming? We're all Level 8 now!"

Raging Sea of Blood felt a warmth in his heart. There were no better brothers in life than him. Right, he couldn't have an easy time. He had to be banned throughout the game! He had to find game records, make a mess of his name on the forums, and stop all players from making deals with him! Then, he'd fight him!

Raging Sea of Blood chuckled. "Come, I'll take you…"

"F*ck off. Level 0 and I'm Level 8?"

"Do you think I can f*ck you at level 0?"

"Bet! If you lose, I'll give you a break!"

"F*ck off!"

(Keep asking for votes)

…