Chapter 25: Complete The Trial Mission

— Toxic Demonized Sea Anemone: Attack: 5, Defense: 0, Health: 11, Attack Speed: 1, Movement Speed: 0, Damage: 1-2, Command Value: 0, Special Skill: Multiple Attacks, Curing Toxin Attack, Attack First.

Multiple attacks: Every tentacle of this creature can fight.

Paralyzing Poison Attack: This creature's attack can interrupt the enemy's movement and reduce the enemy's attack and defense damage.

Attack First: This creature has sharp tentacles, it can attack first when the enemy is near.

So this was all the Sea Anemone's attributes. Time was of the essence. Da Fei immediately recruited the only soldier in the nest.

— System Message: You used the nest's hoarded resources to recruit a Toxic Demonized Sea Anemone.

— System Message: Plant type soldiers cannot move, cannot follow the hero, and do not take up the hero's command. You only have one chance to arrange its location. Please assign your soldiers.

At this moment, the big meatball in the hive moved, and a virtual icon of a small sea anemone appeared in front of Da Fei. It was the same thing as building a house and choosing the terrain. Da Fei saw the target clearly and moved the icon just a little bit closer to where the boss was heading. Confirmed!

Crack! With a crisp sound, a meatball shot out from the top of the nest and landed in front of the boss. As soon as it hit the ground, the meatball took root and germinated. The boss was blocked by the monster, and the monster quickly caught up with it. The boss stopped and killed the monster, so the monster overtook it.

Success! Too bad my first soldier was so brave. It was a glorious death!

Now, Renoir was surrounded by mobs, and there was no boss. Since the boss had been attacked by a big sea anemone before, it made sense that the attack would be on it.

The battle began.

-55! -94! The boss started hacking left and right, yet it still dealt so much damage against Renoir's high Defense! And this was when the boss's Stamina wasn't enough, and the damage could be halved. It was easy to imagine how terrifying the damage would be if the boss wasn't halved! Not only would the damage be halved, the attack speed would be halved too! This was a skill comparable to a Grandmaster-level Dark Curse, but even so, the boss was still as fast as lightning. How could anyone tell its attack speed had been reduced?

At this rate, how many rounds of attacks could the Sea Anemone with 1000 HP? How many rounds could the captain handle? It seemed like this boss really needed the help of the Dark Manual and Zombies.

There was no way around it now. He had to fight with his HP! Da Fei immediately followed up with Crushing Chrysanthemum Thrust. -30! -28! Needless to say, the Boss definitely had a Master-level Defense Skill to counter the Captain's Attack Skill.

The big sea anemone's flesh was lacerated, and green liquid splattered everywhere. The big sea anemone's attack speed was so bad it could catch a chicken. The boss had attacked three times, and it only took 300 HP to kill the boss once. And this was with an addition of 2 Attack Speed. If the attack speed was only 1 HP, who knows how much HP the boss had?

Now, the Sea Anemone only had less than 200 HP. The situation was critical. Da Fei stopped his Chrysanthemum Explosion and stabbed a monster watching the captain. When the monster died, there was a gap. The boss stopped attacking the Sea Anemone and went to attack the captain.

Captain, I've taken 900 HP for you, I can take it! If I can't, I'll admit defeat.

Finally, after the captain took two stabs, the Big Sea Anemone's attack arrived. With a boom, the boss' enormous body collapsed.

— System Message: You killed the leader monster, Nether Sea Monitor, received 20 thousand experience points!

— System Message: You received incomplete information about the Dark Sea watcher!

Finally done! Da Fei breathed a long sigh of relief. He opened the notification and took a deep breath. It was indeed a Boss with 50 Defense and 1800 HP with a Master-level Defense Skill! He could send any Boss to the Surface World. Whatever, he passed the first level.

Da Fei smiled. "Captain, are you alright?"

Renoir said angrily, "Adventurer, can't you see I'm being beaten?"

Oh right, there are more monsters! Wahaha, why are you ignoring them? I'll send you on your way.

With the death of the boss, thick green smoke gathered at the top of the nest. With a pop, another red meatball sprouted—a new tentacle!

Right, right, right! It had to grow. The two Sea Anemone Kings he'd seen had more than 10 tentacles, and this one only had 5. It seemed like the hive wasn't at its peak yet.

But from now on, the sea anemone wouldn't be able to block the knife for the captain anymore. He'd have to do the rest.

A new enemy appeared.

However, for Da Fei, who already had the Sea Anemone Cannon, these were all gifts to him. There was almost no chance for him to get close to Renoir. Under the moonlight, Renoir's HP started to recover. The sixth tentacle of the Sea Anemone was fully formed, and the seventh tentacle had just sprouted. One could imagine how much nutrients a Boss' fall would provide for the Sea Anemone.

Da Fei, with 20 thousand experience from the Boss, easily reached Level 13. The speed of his upgrade was incredible. So, the playground of the strong and the hell of the weak referred to places like this? Wahahaha!

— System Message: Your Sea Anemone Hive received enough nutrients to produce a Toxic Demonized Sea Anemone. Do you want to recruit it?

Oh, there it is again? This sea anemone monster is really weird. It doesn't need gold coins, it doesn't need mineral resources, it just needs to absorb death energy! Great! One more power, one more chance of success. If there's enough time, I want to recruit more space for the captain.

By the time the silver moon reached the sky, the entire Dark Sea was filled with mist. In the Undead World, this was when all Undead creatures were at their strongest. Under the moonlight, the seventh tentacle of the Sea Anemone also took shape at a visible speed. This speed was even faster than the mushrooms at the back of the mountain, making it impossible for Da Fei to tell if it was an animal or a plant. Maybe being a plant gave it a natural advantage in absorbing moonlight. It was photosynthesis.

Renoir, who had just recovered to full health, said in a low voice, "Two of them came this time. Can we survive this battle?"

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! Two powerful enemies are coming, please stay alert.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Although he couldn't see them in the mist, the two red dots on the map were attacking him from both sides.

There was no way around it. He could only do one thing now: stall.

Da Fei immediately ordered the hive to stop attacking and let the monsters continue to surround the captain. Then, two huge Undead Naga with dragon heads, human bodies, and snake tails appeared.

When the Boss arrived, Da Fei immediately killed a monster next to the small sea anemone, giving it a space to attack the Boss. Then, of course, the big sea anemone and the small sea anemone attacked the Boss together. Now, the seven tentacles of the big sea anemone were much stronger. As for the other Boss, it was just a bystander watching.

This time, he was only going to stop the boss from hitting the captain.

While the sea anemone was attacking the boss, the bored boss didn't want to waste time and started attacking the anemone!

What the heck! The boss's IQ was really different! Da Fei immediately charged toward the boss and shot it in the back to gain aggro. Then, he turned and ran! In the game, no matter how slow the enemy's attack speed was, it was suicidal to switch targets in front of the enemy, as the target's attack speed was set to be lower than most creatures'. However, it was different if the target's anus exploded. When Da Fei turned, the enemy was also turning, so it was fine.

The usual rules were: go around the island, marathon. He had two coconuts.

At this moment, the sea anemone showed off its power. Seven rainbows of light appeared on the seven tentacles!

Lucky Strike! After playing for a long time, he finally got another Lucky Strike! The Lucky Strike dealt double the maximum damage, while the Sea Anemone's maximum ejection damage was three times, so the Lucky Strike dealt six times the damage! Compared to the Sea Anemone's attack speed, a Lucky Strike was exciting!

Boom! The boss's giant body fell to the ground!

At this moment, Da Fei shouted excitedly, "Captain!!! I want to learn the Luck Skill!!!"

In that instant, Da Fei remembered the famous saying of shameless gamblers: I don't want good luck or bad luck. I just want normal luck!

Now, Da Fei had done everything he could. When his luck ran out, success was right in front of him! Da Fei laughed heartily.

The second boss died without a doubt. They provided nutrients for the sea anemone's two new tentacles, helping it reach Level 14.

Now, the nine tentacles of the sea anemone were complete. As a plant monster, the anemone couldn't move, so a small archer could easily defeat it. But as a plant monster, it had its own way of surviving. At least, its close-combat skills should be very powerful.

The crazier the monsters attacked, the more nutrients they would give Da Fei, and the more experience he would gain. Now, Da Fei had recruited two Sea Anemones, making him very powerful.

The west side of the moon sank into the sea. The last boss, which seemed to be the finale, finally appeared. But with Da Fei's powerful army, there was no doubt.

Renoir said with admiration, "Adventurer, I've passed the challenge. Not only was I not seriously injured, I even bathed in the moonlight for a night. You are beyond my imagination."

Da Fei chuckled. "No, no. This Sea Anemone is really hard to imagine."

That was true. If two normal players worked together to fight the sinking ship, they wouldn't have discovered the hidden Boss after the tide receded, and they wouldn't have discovered the resources needed to build the hive. Even if they managed to build a nest in the Undead World, it would have been a malnourished version. They definitely wouldn't be as crazy as their brother.

Renoir nodded. "I admire your performance. I don't have anything to thank you for right now. I'll give you this ship. After you fix the holes and change to a new sail, wait for the storm. The strong wind will keep the ship out of the shallows. You're a natural seaman, you'll do well in the storm!"

Da Fei was enlightened! He finally understood why the examiner sent him here! If it was a normal talent player, they'd be screwed if they dared to do anything during a storm!

Renoir said, "I'm going to destroy the barrier with all my strength. Then, my soul will be inside my sword. Take this sword and leave. When I recover my strength, I'll appear again. I'll help you fight that liar!"

With that, the soul fire on the captain's body erupted, and his Skeleton Body exploded. A shockwave from the sword engulfed the entire island. Thunder boomed in the sky. Amidst the sea of white light, the scene changed. Da Fei returned to the coconut tree deserted island in the blue sky. Then, a whole row of system notifications appeared.

…