Chapter 30: Ancient Mission Strategy Guide

Shumilouco

— An excellent navigator wouldn't be able to master all the combat and exploration skills. The sea was unknown to humans. We were so insignificant in front of the sea. We would never have enough knowledge and skills.

For navy members, facing the same scenery every day and every moment was boring. Only the best navigators could make major discoveries in these accustomed environments. The truth was often hidden in the things we were used to.

Da Fei flipped through the book page by page. Other than the two encouraging words on the title page and the last page, there were no other labels. It was the same as the ordinary sailing skill book he had.

Da Fei was confused. Could it be that after Renoir wrote these two words, his name would be added to the skill book, making it a special edition? Just like how elementary school students wrote their names in textbooks and became Chinese books? This wasn't very reliable, right? The game's settings were very strict, what was supposed to be was what was meant to be. Was there some meaning?

Da Fei took out Markal's Skill Book to compare. They were all textbooks with names, but there were so many scribbles! Look, there was another line:

The closer I got to God, the more insignificant I felt.

Holy sh * t! Was he close to becoming a god? That made sense. He could send Leviathan, a level 8 creature, flying with a fireball. He was a powerhouse under the Death God of the Undead World. He had incredible power, incredible talent, near-god power, incredible reputation, and was a cunning and hypocritical schemer. Did he really need to be enemies with someone like this for his Epic Mission? Then again, were these two amazing people really modest? Proud opponents weren't scary, but humble opponents were scary! He didn't have a chance, right?

He continued to flip through the books, followed by a bunch of incomprehensible magic symbols. The system didn't give him any information about any amazing skills until he finished reading Markal's scribbling book.

This was obviously not right!

Most people wouldn't have noticed Juan's journal, but at least the Artillery Chief was a gatekeeping boss who had to be defeated. If his journal had information on the God's Cannon, how could a big shot like Renoir not have any information? Didn't Markal say he wanted to experiment with mass-produced bosses?

Da Fei was even more confused.

Wait! Most people wouldn't be able to find Juan's body, right? That was to say, if players completed this trial normally, they wouldn't be able to find out Markal was a plotter, right? Then, what would happen after the mission?

Of course, he wanted to realize the Artillery Chief's dream of getting the Phantom Ballista from Markal, right? This Dark Magic Skill Book also belonged to Markal. Players should return it to the original owner and ask for tips, right? Also, what's the use of the unknown item soul crystal he got after killing the Phantom of Doom? It must have something to do with Markal, right? I should give this to him and see if he got any tips.

In other words, whether friend or foe, Markal was someone he had to face.

Suddenly, Da Fei had an idea! I understand!

Markal's power, power, intelligence, and personality were all impeccable. Players couldn't beat him. The Epic Mission tips said, "If you gave the diary to the emperor, the emperor might ignore it for some reason." This meant the emperor of the Lionheart Empire had to be wary of him, which meant the NPCs might not be his match. In fact, with his reputation, who would dare touch him?

So Markal was supposed to be invincible?

Then, there was only one way to defeat this kind of person. Gain his trust, then find a chance to screw him over! Since ancient times, how many heroes and good men had fallen at the hands of their most trusted people? Under normal circumstances, after completing this trial, the players would definitely look for him to make friends and back him up, then they'd follow him?

Therefore, there was only one way to complete the Epic mission: save the country!

So, I gave the Artillery Chief's journal, which was full of flattering words, along with the Dark Magic Book and the Soul Crystal, back to Markal, increasing the favor of the NPCs, gaining his trust, and then slowly getting into his top-secret society. Maybe I can even get hold of the mythril island?

When I'm fully-fledged, I'll give the navigator's journal to the emperor and show my loyalty as a spy. The emperor will definitely think I'm a loyal subordinate. Then, I'll have two choices!

Haha! Wahahaha! I'm so sneaky! Of course, it's not my fault. I was innocent, I was just ruined by this game. The game really does harm teenagers! Wahaha!

However, the game was a game after all. There was a big precondition. He had already accepted the Epic Mission to fight Markal. How could the plot progress? What would happen if he saw Markal? Would he be killed instantly? Or would it be like the Unseelie in real life, which he didn't know?

What the heck, I already got the mission to fight him, so I don't care if he kills me instantly. I have to try, or I won't be able to complete the mission. As long as I can get back to the city, the first thing I need to do is find Markal. If I can get the reward, I'll have the first start-up capital for the commercial repair ship.

After thinking it through, Da Fei suddenly understood. He had a general direction for his future.

He figured out Markal's problem, but he didn't figure out the captain's problem. Should he wait until the captain's soul in the sword woke up? F*ck, how long would he have to wait?

Da Fei looked through the other books on the captain's bookshelf. They were mostly books on poetry, geographical charts, etc. The logbook also included daily security logistics for ships.

Da Fei looked around for a long time but didn't find anything. Da Fei, who had been fighting all night and all afternoon, was feeling more dizzy. He should log off and sleep.

— System Message: Player, please take note! You are currently in the open sea. If you log off, your ship may be threatened with all sorts of unknown dangers. To avoid unnecessary losses, it is recommended that you buy the shop's props, the Sanctuary of God. (Note: Player cannot log off in enemy territory.)

— Sanctuary of God: After the player hero goes offline in the wild, the Sanctuary of God can protect the player's troops from any attacks. During the period of protection, time stops. Props sell for 20 points. (Note: The more troops the hero has, the more expensive the props are)

Pfft! You charge 20 yuan for going offline! Are you crazy? Is my ship really that valuable?

In the Hero Genesis, going offline was a pain in the ass. Single players could go offline at will, but players with troops were very particular. In short, the troops wouldn't go offline with the players, or else this going offline could be considered a godly ambush. Therefore, players who led troops could only go offline after reaching a small town and storing their troops at a small town camp. If they were in the wild without a small town, they could either get a sub-hero to run the army, or they could buy a shopping mall prop for the Sanctuary of God. The longer they went offline, the more troops they protected, and the more expensive the prop would be. That was why leading troops to war was a game only rich people could play.

Pfft, I'm a professional gamer. I'm here to make money, not to give you money. I'm not buying this. I'll sleep on the computer! I'll turn the system prompt into an alarm mode. I'll let the ship keep drifting! It'd be best if the ship could be saved once I woke up. I don't believe a Leviathan would come out of nowhere and eat the ship. The ship is already in this state. No matter what happens, I'll die as a captain. I'll leave it to fate.

Da Fei slept with his helmet on.

(New week begins. Receiving, rejecting, etc.)

"Yes."