Chapter 35: Pirates This Time

Da Fei finished reading the posts against him with a blank expression. He wasn't surprised. After all, he was the man who cured the whole server.

Isn't it just a PvP against a level-zero? It's not a big deal. You think you can curse me to death? You want to hunt me down in the game? What a joke! I knew the national server was small. But things are different now. I need to earn money as a professional gamer. If I have too many enemies, it'll be hard to deal with them. I only have one enemy for now, but my red name is really too eye-catching. If I don't kill people, people will kill me. It's quite troublesome. Hot dog Raging Sea of Blood, you can kill people with your help!

His top priority now was to find a way to get rid of the red name. He had collected a lot of information on rare bosses this time, so he could earn a lot of Reputation if he sold them. In any case, they were all leftover from his game years ago. It wouldn't be easy to kill him.

Then, Da Fei started watching the Epic Hero interview program. As he sighed,

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! Three unknown ships are approaching you, please be on guard!

Unknown ship? Da Fei was shocked. He immediately ran to the deck and looked around with his binoculars. Sure enough, three ships were flying toward him from the front, left, and right!

It was a sailboat! A pirate!

Some rich large pirate ships were no different from ordinary Kingdom warships. They were hard to recognize as long as they didn't have flags. Sailboats, however, were definitely pirates. Sailboats had sails on the deck and paddles on the bottom. The two rows of long oars sticking out from the bottom of the ships looked like giant centipedes. There was no need to mention the advantages of these ships. They had wind power and manpower, and they were as fast as dragon boats! They had an even better advantage when chasing against the wind. In short, as long as they were targeted, they couldn't run. There was only one battle.

The drawbacks were obvious. After all, the bottom of the ship needed to row, so the ship didn't eat much water and wasn't good at carrying waves. It wasn't suitable for sailing in the vast ocean. It was easy for merchant ships to avoid it, they just needed to stay away from the sea. The other drawback was that the ship didn't eat much water, so it wasn't tall. It was hard to get onto a ship with a high port, which required a lot of fighting skills.

Now, Da Fei was targeted! There was no way he could escape. With three attacks, there was no way to fight! What should he do?

Da Fei was stunned. The Great White Shark was here, the pirates were coming! System, how can I believe you're not acting?

— Boom! Boom! Boom! Three black flares on the three pirate ships shot into the sky, trailing a long trail of black smoke. Although he didn't understand what they meant, they were definitely up to no good.

As he got closer, Da Fei could see the pirate ship's deck through the telescope. The masts were filled with pirates. Yes, it was precisely because the sailboat was low and hard to land on the big ship that the pirates all stood on the masts. Once the battle started, they'd throw out rope hooks to grab the target's mast or the side of the ship, or fly down, or fly like a mountain. Basically, it was a risky skill.

Da Fei, who was stunned for a while, finally came back to his senses.

Didn't all these pirates see this big guy in front of them? Even if you didn't want to give me face, at least give the great white shark some face.

He had to use someone else to do the killing. In other words, he needed to lure monsters to kill people. He was an expert. Whether he succeeded or not, this was the last resort, and the only way.

Da Fei walked toward the mast with the cable tied to it. The cable was so tight it was about to break, and the mast was creaking.

Da Fei tried to shake the cable, but it didn't budge. Then, Da Fei stood on the taut cable and played with the wire. Since there was so much stuff in the shark's belly, he should be able to anger it by messing around, right? If it got angry, it should show some appreciation, right?

Da Fei tried jumping on the cable again. Bang! The water in front of him churned, and the entire ship shook—there was a reaction!

He kept jumping!

— Boom! Waves of water surged into the sky!

Da Fei was so scared he shrank back! He couldn't play too much. If he didn't do something, he'd hurt himself first.

As the pirates got closer, they became silent at the sight of the great white shark. The speed of the ship slowed down too.

It was time to see blood! Da Fei rushed to the gun compartment at the bottom of the ship and fired two shots at the dense crowd on the deck of a pirate ship on the right! Screams rang out!

— System Message: You killed a pirate, experience + 40!

— System Message: You received incomplete information about the pirates.

— System Message: You attacked the pirate ship, dealing -78 damage!

This shot was like a fuse for a bomb. The unsettled Great White Shark immediately turned into a torpedo, charging toward the pirate ship on the right at an incredible speed. Amidst the screams of the pirates on the ship, it collided with the ship. Boom!

The pirate ship shook violently. The pirates standing on the mast all fell to the ground like dumplings. The pirates holding the sides of the ship to steady their feet were equally ferocious. They all took out their flying axes to attack.

The Great White Shark, injured by the flying axe, became even more violent. It slammed into the bottom of the boat, making the entire boat almost flip over!

It worked! Da Fei was overjoyed!

— Boom! Boom! Two more smoke flares were launched. The pirate ship in front moved toward the pirate ship on the right to provide support, while the pirate ship on the left shouted and kept moving toward SV Fly.

How were they supposed to fight? This wasn't a trial. They must have met real pirates. Oh no! They couldn't keep the ship!

Da Fei made up his mind. This trip was worth it. He would do whatever he could with them. Da Fei rushed onto the deck, ready to cut off the cable holding the great white shark and make it hurt!

At this moment, the pirate ship on the left approached. It had two masts and an oar, and the ship was half the length of SV Fly. Da Fei could already see the pirates fighting on the opposite mast, with swords in their mouths and hooks in their hands.

"Wahahaha!" Seeing Da Fei appear, the pirates laughed evilly and threw out the grappling hook. With a click, the hook was hooked onto the side of SV Fly!

Oh no! There was no time to cut the cable!

"What the f*ck!" Da Fei rushed forward and fired a shot at the acrobat. -13!

— System Message: The enemy has been affected by the paralytic toxin. Movement is interrupted…

Ah! The pirate's grip on the rope loosened, and he fell into the sea with a splash. Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! The disruption effect was like an instant kill!

Clack! Clack! Two more grappling hooks were hooked onto the side of SV Fly. For desperate pirates, losing a few companions wouldn't stop their attack.

What the heck! One kill, two kill, two kill! Da Fei rushed to the other grappling hook and missed another shot—splash! Another one was paralyzed and fell into the sea.

At this moment, a wave surged between the two ships—boom! The pirate ship shook violently!

The great white shark was coming! It would appear wherever someone fell into the water! In the water, its speed could reach up to 70 kilometers per hour!

Da Fei finally couldn't help but laugh out loud! Compared to the tall ships, the crazy Great White Shark would naturally attack the lower boats. What could these three pirate boats do in front of the bloodthirsty and crazy Overlord King? Especially since the shark was almost as big as the pirate ship. Da Fei was even more grateful that he didn't attack the Great White Shark. Otherwise, how could his lousy boat handle it?

The pirates quickly understood the situation and started to retreat. The boat on Da Fei's left was unfortunate. The violent shaking just now had caused a lot of water to enter the paddling cabin. The boat began to tilt and couldn't escape. The pirates immediately ran to the other side of the boat, trying to maintain balance.

Da Fei, of course, wouldn't stand by and do nothing. He ran to the gun compartment and pushed the ballista toward the left-hand side of the door. Then, he aimed at the people on the boat—no, no, he should aim at the leak! Oh no, who should he hit? This question actually made him feel conflicted. Wahahaha! Anyway, I survived again. I'm an expert. I'm amazing!

Finally, under the combined attack of Da Fei and the shark, the pirate ship sank. The hundreds of pirates who fell into the water tried to fight back with their swords, but they ended up as ghosts under the great white shark's teeth. The scene was so tragic that it was almost inhumane…

— System Message: You sunk a medium-sized pirate ship and wiped out a whole pirate crew. You received 80 thousand experience points! You received the achievement "Battle of the 1st Battle, Victory," + 10 Command Power.

— Novice Guide: When you annihilate the enemy's entire army, you will receive an additional Command Power Achievement reward. The additional reward is related to the strength of the enemy's army and your battle damage, up to 10 points.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. He won the battle alone? The experience was terrifying!

As the sun set, the entire surface of the sea became red. After the battle, the great white shark was covered in wounds as it floated on the surface of the sea, bleeding profusely. It was exhausted both inside and out, and it couldn't take it anymore.

Hey, what should I say? This was the highest level of watching the tigers fight. Da Fei sighed. "Brother, I'll send you off!"

;