Chapter 32: Da Fei And The Sea

Shumilouco

In the past, there was a fishing village where there was an old man who claimed to be the best at fishing. But he hadn't caught a big fish in over 20 years. The villagers were doubtful of his title. Finally, he couldn't stand the villagers' ridicule anymore. Ignoring his old age, he went out to sea on his own boat. This could be the last time he went out to sea.

In the vast sea, the old man waited for many days with his familiarity with the fish. Finally, a giant tuna took the bait. The fish was almost as big as his boat, and it was so powerful that it could be freed at any time, or even capsize his boat. The old man used his years of experience to fight off the tuna, and the tuna also dragged the old man's boat on the sea for several days and nights. This was a battle of strength and will. Finally, the old man won. He killed the tuna, then tied the tuna to the side of the boat and returned triumphantly. On the way back, however, the bloodshed of the tuna attracted a large group of sharks. In order to protect his work, the exhausted old man raised his harpoon to fight back, but he couldn't stop the sharks. The giant tuna was gnawed into a giant skeleton, and the old man returned to the fishing village with the skeleton.

Seeing the old man not coming home for days, the villagers, who thought he died in the sea, were shocked. In short, the old man successfully defended the reputation of the number one expert in his old age!

This was the world-famous song that even Dafei knew, "The Old Man and the Sea."

Now, faced with a swarm of sharks, and remembering the storyline of his younger self, Da Fei felt his blood boil. He raised his middle finger and said, "I want to be famous too. I want to write my autobiography, Da Fei and the Sea!"

Hm, he just needed to replace "The Old Man and the Sea" with "Da Fei."

Sharks were the top predators of the sea. They were as powerful as Level 6 soldiers on the ground. They weren't easy to kill. Without hesitation, Da Fei took out the War Machine Skill Book. Gold light flashed!

— System Message: You spent one Skill Point to learn Advanced Study of the War Machines!

— System Message: You used one Skill Point to learn Expert-level Study of the War Machines!

— System Message: You used one Skill Point to learn Master-level Study of the War Machines!

Oh yeah! He graduated!

Now, the Ballista attribute supported by Master-level Study of War Machines was:

— Attack: 30, Defense: 30, Health: 8 / 600, Basic Damage: 6-7, Attack Speed: 5, Movement Speed: 1, Special Skill: Knock Back, Piercing.

The total damage of the ballista was equivalent to the total strategic attribute points of the Basic Damage x Hero. Now that Da Fei was at Level 16 and had 15 total attribute points, the total damage of the ballista was 90-105!

Holy sh * t! Attack and defense were the same as an angel, but the damage was twice that of an angel, and he used two shots in a row! I'm a boss now! Wahahaha!

The sharks rushed toward the tuna in the blink of an eye. Da Fei, who had been preparing for this, fired two shots at the back of the fish! "-148!" "-132!" The damage was incomparable to the double-digit damage he dealt to the tuna earlier! This was the power of a Lv 3 skill!

— System Message: You killed a shark, experience + 2550!

— System Message: You have information on sharks.

Da Fei's eyelids jumped! This experience was insanely high. It was almost as impressive as a low-level miniboss!

— Shark: Large creature. Attack: 35, Defense: 18, Damage: 25-55, Health: 280, Attack Speed: 7, Movement Speed: 12, Experience Points: 2550. Special Skill: Bloody Tracking, Bloody Rage, Crippling Bite, Dizzy Strike, Wound Tearing, Sea Creature.

It was no secret that sharks were known as the top predator of the sea. The Ballista had a 12-point difference in attack and defense, increasing 60% damage. The final damage dealt by the Ballista was 144-168. As long as its backbone came out of the water, it could be killed instantly.

Based on the numbers, the shark's Attack, Defense, and Damage index was between Level 6 and Level 7, but it was ridiculously experienced. Other than the fact that it had a lot of special skills, which added points to the difficulty, it was also an "ocean creature."

— Sea Creature: Sea Creature is proficient in underwater battles. Health Points are abundant.

On the other hand, the attributes of the ground creatures in the water would decrease. Under these conditions, it was almost impossible for the ground creatures to defeat sharks in the water. In fact, this was the main reason why Da Fei couldn't defeat a single monster on the island. It was because of this difficulty that the experience required to kill sharks was beyond imagination. In other words, fighting sea monsters to level up was more experience than fighting ground creatures. Of course, it was more experience than leveling up.

In Da Fei's opinion, the sharks were giving him experience now! Under normal circumstances, the sharks would swim far away from the ships and not even have a chance to kill them. With the tuna as bait, Da Fei didn't even need to aim anymore. He just needed to get shot!

— System Message: You killed a shark, experience + 2550!

— System Message: You killed a shark, experience + 2550!

— System Message: You killed a shark, experience + 2550!

• • •

Da Fei laughed excitedly. How much did sharks love tuna? I didn't lie about the plot in the novel! What do you mean by awesome? This is awesome! I have to be awesome! I floated on the sea for four or five days and couldn't do anything. If I didn't get more experience these days, I'd be losing money!

A golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 17! You have received 1 Free Attribute Point, 1 Skill Point, Health Points + 2, Command Power + 1.

Wahahaha! I leveled up! Of course! One 2,500, 10 25,000, and a few dozen more. I can level up again! Haha! Wahaha!

After he finished reloading, Da Fei excitedly pulled the trigger. At this moment, seven-colored light flashed above his head, and a black light dispersed the rainbow!

— System Message: You are in Unlucky State. The damage from your attack will be halved with minimal damage!

Da Fei's laughter stopped. Bad Luck?!

At this moment, the arrow shot out—"-72!" "-72!" Holy shit! No seconds!

What the heck, my current status is "Cursed by Bad Luck", -3 points of luck. This ship's own attribute is to be blessed by God + 2 points of luck, so it's still -1 points of luck, which is a 2% chance of getting bad luck! I got 2% of the luck too. I'm so unlucky!

At this time, the shark stopped fighting over the tuna and started charging toward Da Fei's ship, SV Fly!

Da Fei was stunned! No way! He was going to crash into a ship! Right, he was so happy just now, why didn't he think the other party would retaliate? Was he feeling too superior sitting on a tall ship? Or was the tuna's resignation making him lower his guard?

There was no way around it. The game was a game after all. In the game, riflemen could shoot a tank until it exploded, so it wasn't surprising that a shark would crash into a boat. But my boat was already riddled with holes, so how could I let you crash into it? Most importantly, this wasn't a battle on the ground. There was a firing blind spot for the ballistae! If it got close, the consequences would be unthinkable!

Da Fei quickly loaded the gun. The shark, Wave Slash, was charging toward him! Its speed in the water was like a human running on the ground!

— Aim! Da Fei quickly adjusted the direction of the ballista. His palms were sweaty. With such a fast speed, it would be challenging to aim the ballista through the water.

I have to hit it! I have to hit it! If I don't hit it, I won't have a chance anymore. I can only watch as it rushes to the bottom of the boat and demolishes it! Wait! What if I get another Strike of Bad Luck? As the saying goes, misfortune never comes alone. When a pea is in your ass, anything can happen when a person is too lucky and starts to memorize! I've seen this kind of thing too many times over the years!

Da Fei made a prompt decision. He took out the Luck Skill Book as fast as he could and learned it! He just needed to fix the -1 bad luck to 0. He didn't want good luck, nor bad luck. He just needed luck!

— System Message: You used 1 Skill Point to learn Elementary Leadership!

— Elementary Leadership Skill: The hero's Command Power increases by 10%, the hero's and the hero's troops' Morale + 1.

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! If I got the wrong book, I'll f*ck you! As expected, trouble didn't come alone when I was memorizing. I actually made such a low-level mistake at the most crucial moment! As an expert, I'm not in the right state of mind!

Now, the shark was right in front of the boat. Da Fei could see the blood-red eyes on both sides of its head! It was too late to do anything. He had to shoot!

There was no reason not to hit him at such a close distance! He had already been unlucky twice. If he couldn't win three times, there was no reason to be unlucky three times in a row!

— Boom! Boom! Two shots were fired! Da Fei closed his eyes nervously.

— System Message: You killed a shark, experience + 2550!

Hearing the system prompt, Da Fei relaxed. His back was wet with sweat.

I really care about this boat. Next time I log off, I'll buy some props! It's just two plates of fried rice. I won't risk it anymore!

All sorts of votes were asked.

"Yes."