Chapter 36: Hidden Hero Part-Time: Voyager

The setting sun was as red as blood. Night was coming. With the last two blasts, the Great White Shark, struggling and twitching on the sea surface, finally died with its belly facing the sky.

— System Message: You killed the Great White Shark. You received 50 thousand experience points! You received a [B] Class Strategy Treasure: Great White Shark Crew Head.

— Great White Shark Ship's Headgear: Ship equipment. Equipment at the bow of the ship can increase the ship's speed by 10%, Attack + 2, Attack + 1.

Then, a golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 19! You have received 1 Free Attribute Point, 1 Skill Point, Health Points + 2, Command Power + 1.

Gifting experience and treasures! Wahahaha! Da Fei laughed proudly, but the message wasn't over yet!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have the basic qualities to become a Voyager, and you have successfully experienced the basic maritime tests of storms, survival, sea monsters, and pirates. You have completed the addition of the Novice Trial Mission. Reward: Hidden Hero sub-occupation, "Voyager"!

— System Message: You have successfully changed to a hidden hero sub-occupation, Elementary Voyager!

— Elementary Navigator: The speed of the Hero's Ship is increased by 10% at sea, the effect is superimposed with the Nautical Skill. Every 5 levels, the Hero is rewarded with an additional sub-occupation free attribute point. The Hero and the Hero's sub-hero gain 100 experience points at sea every day.

— System Message: You are currently at Lv 19. You have received 3 Free Attribute Points from the Voyager sub-occupation. After you upgrade your Voyager skills, you will receive more attribute points. The upgrade of skills will not affect the gain of attribute points. Advanced skills will compensate for attribute points.

— System Message: You have information on the "Voyager" class.

— Novice Guide: In the Hero Continent, due to military secrets and trade secrets, the new sub-hero class, Voyager, didn't have a complete system. There were no specialized skills books to increase the class skill level, nor could players directly learn class-specific skills. Players had to communicate with other Voyager players, learn, improve skill level, learn sub-skills, or develop their own skills.

— Novice Guide: Hero sub-occupation does not conflict with the main occupation. You can still be a Hero sub-occupation knight or priest with a Skill Guide.

• • •

Seeing the following string of system messages, Da Fei's laughter stopped! What did he mean by adding newbie Trial Mission? This was supposed to be his mission, okay?

After a moment of stunned silence, Da Fei laughed again! So these guys were really sent by the system to test him! The problem was, weren't they acting a little too well? He didn't pass the game as per the usual script, right? Whatever, it didn't matter if he was acting normally or not. He just needed to pass the game!

This was indeed a reward for a hidden class, and it was a part-time job that didn't conflict with the main class! A dual hero class, what did this mean? It meant he had more Strategy Attribute Points than other people after leveling up! Thinking of it, when he went back, he'd be a Knight, and he'd get two attribute points for every level up. Then, when he leveled up as a Voyager, he'd get attribute points too!

Attribute points were secondary. The most important thing was, if he got an extra job, he'd have more job skills than other people! He was awesome!

What was a professional specialty?

Every hero had a talent when building a character, which was a natural talent. Da Fei's Storm Voyager was a natural talent. Then, when a Level 10 rookie changed to a Hero job, he could acquire a job skill. The sub-skill for a job skill was a job talent.

For example, the priests' Blessing Ceremony, the Undead Sorcerer's Howl, the Dwarf's Runes Control, the Devils' Hell Portal, etc. All in all, professional specialties were specialties that other classes didn't have.

Since this hidden class, Voyager, was a part-time job, there was no doubt that it also had a responsive class specialty.

I knew it. Once my accumulated luck and my innate talent in games exploded, my success was destined!

I'm rich! What do I have to be afraid of? I'm not afraid of anyone. My dual-professional skills are incredible. Even if that kid from the Blood Sea gathered everyone in the game to hunt me down, forcing me to give up, I'd just log off and sell my account. As long as I ask, I'd get one million yuan less! I'm talking about pounds! I'd make a name for myself, buy a house in Binhai Garden, and marry Xiaofang. Wahahaha!

Life should be filled with joy. Dafei laughed so hard that he lost all of the tension of the last two days!

Finally, there was some emptiness after that. Da Fei was tired. He breathed a sigh of relief. His mind started to calm down and plan for the future.

It was too early to say that he had two classes. After all, the addition of this beginner's class was too weak. He only got 1 Strategy attribute at Level 5. Now, at Level 19, he got 3 points, which meant he would get 1 more when he got to Level 20. Basically, it was weak. New players got 1 attribute when they leveled up. It was even weaker than main classes who got 2 points when they leveled up.

Based on the prospects, after he got promoted to an intermediate Voyager, he would receive a Lv 4 prize, 1 point, and 1 point for an Advanced Voyager, 1 point for a Lv 3 prize, 1 point for an Expert, 1 point for a Lv 2 prize, and 1 point for a Master, 1 point for every Lv 1 prize, reaching the level of a newcomer. If he got to the Master-level now, he would receive a 19 point prize, which would make up for 16 points.

According to the system prompt, the hidden job upgrade wasn't easy. Without skill books and sub-skills, the value of upgrading was also a problem. After all, it was hard to get skill points after level 20, and he needed to be careful when upgrading his job skills.

Anyway, he couldn't be too proud too early.

After thinking it through, Da Fei felt tired all over. It was the middle of the night again. His body was what made him rich. He needed to maintain the Dragon Body. After fighting for almost two days, he should get some rest.

This time, Da Fei didn't hesitate to buy the 20 yuan offline prop, "The Sanctuary of God." The game company had an important mission to revitalize the world economy. He could afford two plates of fried rice.

Before going offline, Da Fei looked at his current attributes with satisfaction.

Level: 19

Talent: Storm Voyager

Class: Pikeman, Level 10 Army Commander, Level 8 Explorer, Beginner Voyager, Training Newcomers

Reputation: -3,120 (Notoriously, your current Reputation will make it difficult for you to receive missions from NPCs, and it will also make some NPCs hostile.)

Attack: 20 (Lv 19, 18 attribute attacks, Captain's Sword on the Sea + 2, + 2 Great White Shark, temporarily without equipment. Also, 3 free attribute points have yet to be distributed.)

Defense: 5 (Leather Armor has 3 points of personal defense, Captain's Sword at Sea + 2 points of strategic defense)

Mana: 0

Knowledge: 0

Basic Damage: 9-11 (Born 1-3, Sea Anemone Enchantment + 1, Lonely Hero Achievement + 1, Lonely Hero 10 Victories in a Row + 1, Lv 15 + 3 for every 5 levels, Captain's Sword on the Sea + 2. Captain's Sword + 2 Damage on the Sea affected the whole army.)

Health: 71 (Born 10, every level increase + 2, Lonely Hero Achievement + 10, Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins + 15)

Attack Speed: Normal 12 (Captain's Sword + 2)

Movement Speed: 10

Morale: 2 (Heroes were born + 1, Elementary Leadership Skill + 1)

Luck: 1 (Basic Luck Skill + 1)

Command Power: 30 (Upgrade + 18, Completion in Battle 1 + 10, Total: 28, Addition to Elementary Leadership, a total of 30)

Stamina: 100

Learning Skills: Master-level Study of the War Machines (sub-skill Ballista Master); Advanced Reconnaissance Skill (sub-skill collection, stealth); Elementary Luck Skill, Elementary Leadership Skill, Elementary Attack Skill, Elementary Defense Skill, Elementary Archery Skill, Elementary Logistics Skill.

He had one skill point left.

That night, Da Fei woke up laughing a few times in his dreams…

Please read the app.