Chapter 38: I Won'T Be A Pirate

Shumilouco

Da Fei logged onto the game again. When he logged out of the Merchant Shop, the light from the Protection of God disappeared, and the debris of the pirate ship was sunk. The Great White Shark's body was still there. It was indeed a God-grade equipment for Time Stop.

— System Message: Starting on a new day at sea, you received + 100 experience for sea training.

This was probably the experience given by a Voyager job every day. The difference between a Voyager and a Voyager was like the difference of one character, which was the difference between a job and a skill. They were on different levels, right? Then, would there be a hidden job, an attacker, or a defensive one?

In short, SV Fly was drifting on the sea again.

There was no one to pull the boat anymore. How long would the boat stay afloat? He had completed all his Trial Missions, right? If there were no more trials, he could do whatever he encountered. He'd have to fight with his bare hands. If he fought with his bare hands, he'd have no more cards to play. It was up to fate whether he could keep the boat.

A day in the game had passed. Da Fei didn't sleep well last night, and today, he drank a little too much at noon. Feeling sleepy, Da Fei called the system to the maximum, then wrapped himself in the helmet and took a nap.

After some time, the alarm woke Dafei from his nap!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill alert! Three unknown ships are approaching you! Please be alert!

Da Fei was shocked. He quickly took out his binoculars. Pirates! Pirates again! Oh no, he couldn't keep the ship anymore!

Da Fei smiled bitterly and shook his head. After all, the trial was just a gimmick. How could the system be so generous as to give a new player such a big ship? They'd find a reason to take it back. What a waste.

Fight? Fight my a * s! Of course, he needed to pack up the ballista and leave. He needed to save as much as he could.

Da Fei quickly went to the gun cabin to dismantle the ballista. The pirate ship was getting closer too. Finally, the ship shook and connected to the side! The pirates shouted and swarmed forward.

Sounds of footsteps came from above. Da Fei finished packing the last part as if he was relieved of a burden.

Plop! Plop! The pirates all jumped off the ship. Seeing the pirates swarming toward them, Da Fei sighed and shook his hands. "Kill me if you want to! I'm the captain!"

A few pirates rushed forward, grabbed Da Fei by the neck, and dragged him onto the upper deck. Huh? Why didn't they just kill me? They were all red names, which meant they were enemies, right? Did I create a new plot?

On the deck, a tall and burly man with a pipe in his mouth glanced at Da Fei and said coldly, "Which part are you from?"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Which part? A gang connection? Did he look like a pirate? Was this some kind of trial? No way. Was there an end to the trial? The system wasn't a welfare institute.

Da Fei had to say, "I'm a newbie. I'm not in any part of the game." He'd just tell the truth and leave it up to fate.

A cold glint flashed across the bearded man's eyes. "Is this your boat?"

Ask Watermelon, your ship is coming soon! Da Fei had to say, "I'm the captain."

The bearded man asked, "Did you kill the shark?"

Da Fei said, "I killed him."

The bearded man laughed. "Take him away!"

As a result, the three pirate ships used iron cables to drag Da Fei's ship back. The pirates also took over Da Fei's ship and started to control the sails. For a while, the ships sailed on the sea.

Well, it was different when there were more navy members. Da Fei was even more confused. They didn't seem like enemies. Did they really stimulate the plot? Maybe he should ask something, although most talkative people would be beaten up.

Da Fei asked, "Where are you taking me?"

The bearded man laughed. "You'll know when the time comes." He waved his hand, and a pirate put a black helmet on Da Fei's head. Da Fei could only see darkness. OK, I get it. You're taking me to your nest, right? It looks like there's really nothing else. Otherwise, there's no need to waste time talking so much. We can just kill people and steal their ships.

It was dark anyway. He should look up information on pirates on the official website.

There were many islands on the Hero Continent, which was the best place for pirates to live, so pirates thrived. Players who focused on developing at sea didn't have to worry about not finding a good place to level up. There were a few major forces among the pirates: Innocent Pirates, Blood Raider Pirates, Blood-Sail Pirates, Barren Sea Pirates, and the Pirate King Red Beard, the New Pirate Bandit of the New World. The hideout of these major forces' pirates was very secretive, and even the big countries' navy didn't dare to chase them.

Pirates were the enemy of all ships in the sea, and various factions would fight among themselves. If he was lucky enough to survive a pirate attack, it would probably trigger a plot. He had to take it one step at a time.

After some time, shouts and laughter came from outside the sea. Da Fei's eyes lit up. His helmet was lifted. There was an island port in front of him, filled with pirate ships and wooden houses on the shore. Da Fei looked around. There were also islands scattered around. Was this the pirates' nest?

The bearded man laughed. "Newbie, welcome to Barren Island. I'll take you to see our chief, Captain Locke. You can answer whatever the chief asks. If you don't want to suffer, hahaha!"

Captain Locke! Barren Pirates! A big force! What the heck, what was happening?

When the fleet lowered their sails and reached the harbor, a large group of pirates gathered excitedly. "Haha, we got a big ship!"

"Barak is rich!"

"Oh, there's such a big shark?"

The big-bearded man waved his hand at the crowd. "Guys! Drag the shark up. You have to peel its skin!"

Everyone responded, "This shark skin is definitely top-grade! It can definitely make top-grade shark skin!"

Big Beard and his people escorted Da Fei to the shore and walked through the streets. Da Fei looked around at this new and interesting island town. Shipyards, blacksmith shops, equipment shops, pubs, everything. Especially the pubs, which were all over the street. He could hear rough laughter and the music of the piano.

A sparrow may be small, but it had everything.

Soon, Da Fei was escorted to a big house. The bearded man pushed Da Fei inside without knocking and shouted, "Boss, I got you something fun."

As soon as he entered the room, Da Fei saw a burly man with bare-chested muscles and a scar on his face. A few scantily clad women helped him drink, and a few more knelt on the gorgeous carpet in front of the sofa to fix his legs. Compared to his bear-sized body, these petite women were like… how could they compare to him…

The scar-faced man was the leader of the Barren Pirates, Loke, on the official website. He was definitely an Epic Hero.

Loke laughed. "Barak, I heard you stole a big ship?"

The bearded man shook his head. "Not yet. I just ran into an interesting guy."

Rock stared at Da Fei and laughed. "Kid, you have a future. You made so many mistakes at such a young age, and you have a big ship. It's a pity you're not a pirate. How about it? Join us. I'll make you the best pirate and live the most carefree life!"

— System Message: Pirate Leader Loke will give you a Class Advancement for the hidden hero class, Pirate. Do you agree?

— Elementary Pirate: The uncrowned king of the sea. Every level increases the enemy's sea damage by 10%, increases ship speed by 5%, directly superimposed with Attack Skill, Nautical Skill. Every level increases a free attribute point, and a system automatically allocates Attack attribute points.

Class Special Skill: Able to train sea fighters as Pirate Warriors. Learning this skill requires one Skill Point.

— Pirate Warrior: Attack: 10, Defense: 2, Damage: 6-10, Health: 35, Attack Speed: 14, Movement Speed: 12, Special Skill: Boat Drive, Flying Axe, Agility Dodge, War Plunder.

— Novice Guide: Once you change to a pirate occupation, you will become the enemy of all kingdoms. Please choose carefully.

Da Fei finally understood! The reason he didn't kill him was because he was a newbie without a formal Class Advancement, and he had a notorious red name, which met the requirements for Class Advancement to Pirate! He didn't think players could join the Hero Class, Pirate. He thought it was unique to NPCs. During the Open Beta, although many players robbed at sea and called themselves pirates, they weren't pirates. They were just ordinary red names.

This was troublesome. This was a Hero job, not a part-time job like Voyager. If he became a pirate, he'd be a pirate for life!

I don't want to be a pirate. I'm really going against all the players and NPCs in the world. I used to love this kind of thing, but I'm a professional gamer now, so I have to sell gold coins to make money, okay? How can I, a famous pirate, sell my gold to an intermediary customer service on a website? How can I ask a Level 1 customer service newcomer to come out of the city and meet me on the beach? I don't even want to think about it.

Fighting and killing all day, with all the repairs, would the money they stole be enough to cover their expenses? Did they really think pirates were cool? If they were, they wouldn't be on this island. The African lions were the hegemons of the grassland, and they often starved. Prey wasn't easy to catch. There were more lions who died under the horns of African cows than there were cows eaten by lions. If a lion was injured, it was the same as starving to death. Similarly, pirates relied on boats to survive. If their boats were crippled, they'd be happy.

Not to mention that he accepted an Epic Mission. He couldn't even enter the city as a pirate, much less see Markal, a Grand Duke. The Epic Mission would be useless.

In short, he wasn't going to be a pirate. He didn't have a future. He was a good person, he was full of positivity.

Da Fei immediately rejected the option. "I won't be a pirate." He could just kill him. He didn't believe the NPC would kill a player to level 0.

The bearded man was furious. "Kid, how do you think you kept your boat? Don't get carried away!"

Loke waved his hand and laughed. "It's okay. Let him walk around first. He'll look for me when he thinks it through."

The big-bearded man snorted. "Listen to boss. Take your time playing." He picked up Da Fei and left the room. Then, he tossed him aside like trash and left.

C

"Yes."