Chapter 37: Da Fei And "Brother-In-Law"

Shumilouco

Da Fei laughed until 9 a.m. the next day. He suddenly remembered that today was the day his younger sister went home on holiday. He didn't have much time left. He needed to get to the bus stop. It seemed like a ride at noon.

Da Fei didn't have time to eat breakfast. He took the subway to the bus stop. Even though the Spring Festival hadn't started yet, there were still as many people at the bus stop as there were in the past. He just needed to ask around to know which bus it was today. Da Fei searched the crowd in the waiting area.

Then, his eyes lit up. A pair of slim, sexy, and voluptuous thigh-high thermal stockings, a pair of high-heeled white leather boots, a black miniskirt, nice legs, and a nice skirt! He looked at the white down jacket, which had a pink scarf, and a ponytail on the scarf. He found her! She was indeed his younger sister. She could wear cheap clothes like a model! She didn't lose to anyone in terms of studies or looks. In her first year of college, she was pretty in her second year, she was arrogant in her third year, and in her fourth year, she was wanted by rich and powerful businessmen!

At this moment, she was laughing with a tall boy in a cardigan.

Da Fei's face darkened. So it was this poor gigolo! He was so good at sweet-talking and hitting on girls. If you had the ability, go seduce rich girls. Don't hinder my Xiao Li's future! Today is a rare day for me. I need to make things clear.

Da Fei pushed through the crowd with a dark expression. "Xiao Li!"

The girl turned around in shock. "Bro! Didn't I tell you not to come?"

The tall, handsome boy quickly bowed and greeted, "Hi, Big Bro!"

Da Fei said with a straight face, "Who's your big brother?" If anyone called Da Fei big brother, Da Fei would be overjoyed. Only this person couldn't!

Xiao Li stared at him. "What are you talking about? Dawei is my friend! He came here today to help me with my luggage. Why are you staring at me? Did you stay up late?"

Hmph! I'll deal with you later!

Da Fei smiled faintly. "I worked the night shift for two days in a row. I wasn't in a good mood. I wanted you to bring something home, but it's not convenient for a girl like you to bring something home. I'll pass." Hm, he forgot about it in a hurry. As for professional gamers, Da Fei didn't even dare to mention them. It was hard to remember how much his family disliked him when he played like crazy.

Xiao Li sighed. "Bro, rest well. Don't be too busy."

F*ck! You're not usually so gentle with me. You're obviously saying you want Dawei to think of you as a good wife and mother, right? We're already so close! I won't let you have your way!

Da Fei shook his head, sighed, and said, "As a man, you have to work hard and earn big money. Otherwise, not only will women not like you, but even dogs would look at you." After saying this, Da Fei glanced up and saw the pretty boy lowering his head in disappointment. Damn, you knew you didn't have money? As a tall, poor, and handsome guy, how can I teach you?

Of course, Xiao Li could tell there was more to Da Fei's words. She retorted, "You can't make enough money. Not all women only care about money! Brother, you need to change your mind and try to move them. Your parents are most worried about your marriage."

D * mn! This silly girl is lecturing me in front of outsiders now that she's grown up? What kind of woman doesn't care about money? My Xiao Li is the only good woman in the world! I can't let this poor guy have it!

Da Fei chuckled. "Don't worry. I'm lucky this time. I'll be rich soon."

Xiao Li was surprised. "Really? Don't tell me you're doing a pyramid scheme!"

Da Fei quickly shook his head. "Absolutely not! It's strictly legal! I got a big boss this time. My monthly salary can increase to 20 thousand!" Humph, a big boss was a Chinese agent for Hero Genesis. If he said 200 thousand a month, you'd think he was up to something.

Xiao Li chuckled. "Great. You have to work hard."

Damn! I hate hearing women say you have to work hard! Do you think men don't want to work hard?

As a result, Da Fei and Xiao Li talked for a long time about their husbands, aunts, aunts, uncles, uncles, etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., etc., which they had never bothered to talk about in the past. Da Fei deliberately ignored Dawei.

Finally, the bus stop honked. It was time to get in.

Dawei finally found some presence and hurried to pick up the package.

Tsk, who do you think you are? Da Fei immediately grabbed the package. "You don't have to do this. I'll move!"

Dawei anxiously said, "No, no, let me do it!"

Da Fei grabbed it angrily. "If I say I'll do it, I'll do it!" What the heck! It's a little heavy and hard. It's books, right? Why bring books on holiday? I didn't eat breakfast. Isn't this cheating…

The train started moving. Da Fei and Dawei waved goodbye to Xiao Li, who was in the car window. Although they couldn't hear what she was saying in the car window, her mouth didn't look like she was saying "Goodbye." Was she saying "don't fight"? Pfft, I didn't even eat breakfast. My waist and legs were sore from the backpack queueing up. I'll let him go.

Da Fei took out a cigarette and handed it to Dawei. Dawei hurriedly waved his hand. "Brother, I don't smoke."

Pfft! How can a man survive without smoking? Useless!

Da Fei tilted his head, lit up the cigarette, and took a deep puff. Then, he moved his hand away from the cigarette and assumed a classic Zhou Runfa pose. A puff of smoke came out like a sword. This was a pose Da Fei had practiced a lot! Kid, have you seen this? This is called acting cool. If a man didn't act cool, he'd be bullied outside!

At this moment, a middle-aged woman in a red dress rushed over and pointed at the prohibition icon on the wall. "No smoking here! Can't you see the words? Twenty yuan fine!"

What the heck! Not smoking? Let's drink!

After getting rid of the chattering aunty, Da Fei shook his head. "Let's go eat lunch."

Dawei hurriedly said, "Oh, okay."

Pfft! She didn't have any presence at all. If she went out, she'd definitely be bullied. While students were usually reserved and shy like this, once she went out into society, she'd be a new recruit on the battlefield. The first mistake would be killing a new recruit before they knew what was happening. By the time you realized your mistake, you'd be under someone else's control. You might not be able to turn the tables in 10 or 20 years! How could Xiaoli follow someone like you?

• • •

At the pub next to the train station, Da Fei ordered three side dishes and two bottles of liquor.

Dawei hurriedly waved his hand. "Brother, I, I don't drink! We don't drink in the track and field team."

Pfft! The track and field team? Can you run like Liu Xiang? Why do I need you if you don't drink alcohol? Do you really think this is a high-end society? It's not something a newbie like you should worry about! You don't even know the Chinese Bureau of Alcohol, and you want to climb up from the bottom? I respect you so much. I won't let you be with Xiao Li.

Da Fei took a sip of wine and sighed. "Actually, I think you're a good guy, and you have a good personality. But what is the premise of your relationship with Xiao Li? Play around, go your own way after graduation? Or get married?"

Dawei hurriedly said, "Of course we're getting married! I'm from this city, I won't go our separate ways!"

D * mn! Get married! How dare you say that? Do you know how much it costs to get married? But with Xiao Li's personality, maybe she'd agree to marry him naked? No way!

Da Fei looked up. Two cold rays of light shot out. "My family is very poor. My parents aren't in good health either. We have a lot of financial problems. I'm not very capable as an older brother. Have you considered these problems?"

Dawei hurriedly said, "I know. It's hard on you. Xiao Li told me before. If there's any trouble, I'll definitely—"

F*ck, I hate it when Qiongyao poisons teenagers. Watching more palace dramas could help you grow up!

Da Fei waved his hand impatiently and interrupted him. "You have a year before graduation, right? Tell me what you plan to do after graduation."

Dawei hurriedly said, "I'm taking the civil service exam."

Da Fei shook his head and said coldly, "Don't mention civil servants. A regular employee in this city earns an average salary of 10 thousand yuan a month, probably not much better than me moving bricks and delivering water. With this income, how are you going to buy a house? How are you going to support your family? You have parents too, right? How are you going to support your parents? Don't even talk about promotions. If you don't work for 10 years, you can forget about being a newcomer! You're not thinking of making my Xiao Li wait 10 years for you, right?"

Dawei was stunned. "I—"

Da Fei continued to interrupt him. "I have a lot of classmates and friends who want a divorce. The reason is simple: they don't get along! Like hell they don't. They just think their husbands are poor and useless. If they knew this would happen, they wouldn't have acted like this."

Dawei anxiously said, "Xiao Li is not that kind of woman!"

Nonsense! Of course, my Xiao Li wasn't that kind of woman! I was afraid you wouldn't be able to fight your wife outside! How could a once-in-a-lifetime good woman like her marry a good-for-nothing?

Da Fei said seriously, "I'll make it clear. I'll give you one year, which is to say, before you graduate, you have to earn 300 thousand yuan, the down payment for a house in this city. This is the most basic requirement. I'm not making things difficult for you. If other women just ask for a ready-made car, house, and ticket, there's no need to talk about it. I just want a down payment! If you can't do it, I don't want to see you. Even more so if you want to borrow money from relatives. I won't let Xiao Li follow a useless debtor."

Dawei said in shock, "Earning 300 thousand a year! I… I have classes in fourth grade…"

Da Fei said disdainfully, "What's the point of learning those classes? The economy isn't doing well now. You undergraduates aren't as popular as those high-end, skilled blue-collar students. Anyway, I'll say this. Do as you deem fit!"

If you're so smart, why don't you just yell at me? If I had your body, I'd earn 100 thousand yuan a year just by moving bricks. If I had your body, I'd earn one million yuan a year as a duck! Without going through some practical tests, you want to win my heart just by talking about your dreams and your future? Dream on!

Dawei couldn't eat or drink for a while. Da Fei kept drinking, and the meal ended in unhappiness.

On the way home, Da Fei felt very uncomfortable. If Xiao Li knew about this, she'd be furious, right? His brother, who wasn't liked in the first place, would be even less popular, right?

Pfft! I don't care if I'm a bad guy or a snob! I'm just that materialistic! I've been through a lot of hardships and seen a lot of things.

• • •

Dawei went back to his dorm in a daze. As he passed by the school's convenience store, he suddenly remembered something and bought a pack of cigarettes. He sat in the dorm, coughing, choking, crying, and smoking. This was the first time he smoked, one cigarette after another.

After some time, the door to the dorm opened. His dorm mate, Soldier, came back with a big box. When he smelled the smoke, he said in shock, "Wow, Wei Bro is smoking? Did you break up?"

Dawei said angrily, "Go away! What are you doing?"

The soldier laughed. "You wouldn't understand even if I told you. The most popular guy in the world! The one who got rich overnight! I'm not going back during the winter break!"

Dawei was stunned. "Make a fortune overnight?"

C

"Yes."