Chapter 34: The First Epic Sub-Hero In China

Da Fei understood! A Voyager had to be an all-rounder class, so he had to learn all the fighting, adventure, and public skills books he found in the room! Otherwise, why did he need so many skills?

Da Fei was at level 18. He earned 17 Skill Points from the upgrade. The Advanced Reconnaissance Skill plus sub-skill Intelligence Gathering cost a total of 5 points. The Master-level Study of the War Machines plus the sub-skill Ballista Master cost 6 points. The Leading Skill cost 1 point, and the Luck Skill cost 1 point. There were four Skill Points left.

And Da Fei had four skills books he hadn't learned yet. This was practically custom-made!

Isn't it obvious? I'm a Class Advancement Master now! I'm a Ballista Master, Boss Killer now. Even if I have to do missions in the future, I don't have to worry about fighting anymore. I'll just learn the rest of the Skill Books! This is a taboo for new players. Everything is useless. It's just a waste of Skill Points. It's hard to level up in the later stages. But for hidden jobs, nothing is a problem!

Da Fei was no longer confused. He took out the skill book, and golden lights flashed!

— System Message: You used 1 Skill Point to learn Elementary Attack Skill!

— Elementary Attack Skill: Increases Hero's Melee Damage by 10%.

— System Message: You used 1 Skill Point to learn Elementary Defense Skill!

— Elementary Defense Skill: Reduces damage taken by heroes and their troops by 10%.

— System Message: You used 1 Skill Point to learn basic archery!

— Elementary Archery Skill: Increases the damage of heroes and long-distance troops by 10%.

— System Message: You used 1 Skill Point to learn Elementary Logistics Skill!

— Elementary Logistics Skill: Increases the movement speed of the hero troops on the ground by 20%.

He used up all of his accumulated skill points and finished learning. However—the imaginary golden light didn't fall from the sky, nor did the system prompt appear. Then, there was no "then."

Was the system not acting?

The boat moved forward steadily. The waves made a harmonious sound as they hit the boat. The fresh sea breeze blew into the cabin, ruffling Da Fei's messy hair. Da Fei felt empty…

After some time.

— China District System Announcement: Congratulations! Chinese District Player Sudden Youth has become the first player in the world to successfully hire an Epic Hero!

At this moment, the world channel exploded!

— World Channel: Stars Guild congratulates Miss Sudden Youth on her victory! Stars Guild welcomes you!

— World Channel: The Dragon Slaying Guild warmly congratulates Ms. Sudden Youth for making the Chinese District proud! The Dragon Slaying Guild welcomes you as an ally!

— World Channel: Ninth Heaven is willing to hire Miss Sudden Youth for a million yuan a year!

— World Channel: Our guild's annual salary is 2 million yuan.

— World Channel: I'm talking about USD!

— World Channel: I'm talking about pounds!

— World Channel: Hi, Ms. Sudden Youth. I'm a reporter for the Hero News program. I hope you can add me as a friend for an online interview…

— World Channel: Please add me as a temporary friend, Ms. Sudden Youth. I'm the president of the 9th Heaven of China's biggest professional gaming club, God Emperor.

— World Channel: Little Huang, forget it. You're number 9!

• • •

Da Fei came to his senses. The world channel said one sentence for 100 yuan! Were they using it as a chat room? It had only been a few days since the launch of the server, and they had already hired an Epic Hero? This was incredible. Wait, this Instant Fanghua was a little familiar. She seemed to be the farm girl from yesterday who thought she was awesome, right? What the heck, it made sense. Other people didn't like her, but people like her had to. This was true skill, not everyone knew it. It was possible to get an Epic Hero within a day or two. After all, even if he was awesome, he only reserved an Epic Hero.

Wait, this Dragon Scale was familiar to the Dragon Slayer Guild? Could it be?

For a moment, Da Fei remembered something from a long time ago. At that time, it was also the New Year. Da Fei was out of love and felt down, which led to a major mistake at work. Then, he was expelled. He didn't even get the end of the year award. Then, Da Fei didn't want to see anyone, so he stayed home and played games. He played games to vent his anger. On the first day of the game launch, he ran into this dragon scale, got killed by the boss, and stole his pet tiger.

Then, it was a long story. The Dragon Slayer Guild sent people to kill Da Fei every day. Then, one day, their guild attacked the Boss, and when both sides were dying, Da Fei suddenly came out and killed the Boss. He got a guild order.

There was nothing to say. The Dragon Slayer Guild was very righteous, wasn't it? He was going to be the guild leader! Da Fei won the title of the Dragon Slayer Guild, then the whole server shouted, "Recruiting Yamamizuki as the wife of the guild leader, the harsher the better. I'll give you whatever you want."

Then, things got out of hand. The Dragon Slaying Guild contacted Da Fei. "Requesting 100 thousand yuan to buy back the guild."

100 thousand? Lying to his grandkids? In Da Fei's impression, wasn't the game about stealing accounts, swindling money, and equipment? He ignored them and kept playing.

Then, they offered 200 thousand yuan! Wahaha! Raising prices was easier than eating. Liars! You were all really sick. It was time to cure you. With one cure, the entire Dragon Slayer Guild was expelled from the game. The game also closed, saving countless internet-addicted youths. It was a time of passion.

After a few years, when Da Fei finally learned of the real background of the Dragon Slayer Guild, he regretted it. This was harming others without benefiting himself! If he'd known the price would be 1 million yuan, he wouldn't have had to worry about his own house and car now that he had 1 million yuan. But now that he thought about it, if he really took their money, it'd have been a hot potato. With more than 100 thousand yuan, he could have used extortion to make a case, and he could have mobilized his Internet guards.

However, it was also because of the madness in the game that his family became more unhappy with Da Fei, especially his younger sister, who was in high school at the time. She wasn't even fully grown yet, but she was still able to boss around! She really made Da Fei angry!

In short, after Da Fei left the game, he started to work and never played games again. Even so, Da Fei still yearned for an extraordinary life in the game. As long as he had time, he'd look up new games online.

Looking at Long Lin and the others arguing on the world channel, Da Fei sighed. "Why did you give up on healing?"

In short, with such a big deal happening in the China server, the Internet would probably interview him right away. Since he had nothing to do now, he wanted to see what type of sex the Epic Hero was.

Da Fei logged onto the game's internal forum. Then, a huge trending post appeared! "Trash Player of the China server, Da Fei!" The poster was titled, Raging Sea of Blood!

— Pfft! Da Fei almost choked on his own saliva! Do you know how much a single post costs?

• • •

At this moment, a reporter from Hero News had livestreamed the recording interview with Moment Fanghua.

Reporter: "Sorry to bother you. Thank you, Ms. Sudden Youth, for accepting our interview."

A very strange electronic voice answered, "It's okay. I hope my success will bring enlightenment to other players."

The reporter was surprised. "What is that sound?"

"It's Luo Tianyi, my favorite digital singer."

The reporter was surprised. "It's locally made Chuyin."

"Please don't include Chuyin. I'm Luo Tianyi. Thank you!"

The reporter smiled. "Ah, I'm sorry. Most players care about your Epic Hero now. Is it convenient to reveal his gender? Of course, you can skip the topic."

"It's okay. I'll send you a video."

Host: "Hello, viewer friends. Please watch the video the reporters have sent us. Let's see the world's first Epic Hero."

As soon as the screen changed, the field was brightly lit, and the windmill spun. Hundreds of humans' level 0 reserve soldiers, farmers, were working hard in the fields. A golden-haired female knight in silver armor waved at the farmers, who all cheered.

Then, a sub-hero-types appeared on the screen. The full picture of the world's number one Epic Hero was displayed in front of all the hero players.

— Knight Lord: Melanie, Level 30, Attack 20, Defense 20, Magic Power 5, Knowledge 5, Command Power 1000.

Heroes' specialty: The Peasants Like It.

Elani was a noble, honest, loving, charitable, and well-respected manor owner. The farmers under her command volunteered to pay an extra gold coin every month.

— Farmer: Level 0 Templar Reserve Soldier, Attack: 0, Defense: 0, Damage: 0-1, Health: 1, Attack Speed: 8, Movement Speed: 8, Command Value: 0. Special Skill: Production, Taxpayers, Unable to Go Out.

— Taxpayers: Pay a monthly tax of 1 gold coin.

• • •

The reporter was surprised. "What a surprising Epic Hero. How did Miss Sudden Youth get her?"

"Luo Tianyi" smiled. "In the beginning, when I was assigned to work here by the examiner, I ran into this Elani. She was always worried about the farm's losses, so I made the farm profitable within 15 days of the game. She gave the farm to me, then she followed me and became my sub-hero."

The reporter was surprised. "That's it? They gave you the farm?"

"Right. She lost money because being a good person gave way too much money to the poor. She was an angel. She gave me a farm because she said she didn't know how to run a business. If she gave it to me, she could help more people. As for the rest, it's fine."

The reporter asked, "Right now, all the big guilds want to invite you to join their guild. Are you interested?"

"Thank you for your appreciation, but my sub-hero is still controlled by the kingdom's laws. I can't fight at will, and I just want to farm in the game. I don't want to join the guild. I have nothing else to say. Can we end the interview?"

"Thank you for the interview, Miss Sudden Youth. Happy working together. Goodbye!"

For a moment, players from all over the world who were watching the livestream were amazed. As an Epic Hero who was obviously not a battle hero, and whose level was not high, her value could not be determined at first glance. But at least, with the emergence of an Epic sub-hero, professional teams from all over the world increased their pace.

"Please vote for me, thank you!"