Chapter 33: The Great White Shark

Shumilouco

Da Fei took a deep breath and adjusted himself from the shock.

Leadership was a must-have skill for heroes. He had to learn it sooner or later. If he made a mistake, so be it. He had more Skill Points anyway. He had to keep learning the Luck Skill. He had to fix the curse of misfortune. He couldn't make any mistakes with the rest of the sharks.

Da Fei took out the Luck Skill book. A golden light flashed.

— System Message: You spent some Skill Points and learned Elementary Luck Skill.

— Elementary Luck Skill: Increases the luck of the hero and the hero's troops by 1 point. With 1 point of luck, there is a 2% chance of dealing a Lucky Strike that doubled the maximum damage.

Da Fei could finally kill the sharks with ease.

The ballistae fired, each blast taking away a shark's life. The surface of the sea was dyed red with blood. Dozens of dead sharks tossed their bellies up and down in the bloody waves. Sharks who couldn't reach the tuna started eating the bodies of their own kind. For sharks, as long as there was blood and meat, they didn't care if they were of the same species. Once a shark smelled blood, its damage and attack speed would increase by a lot. This was the powerful skill of sharks, Bloody Rage. If it wasn't for the adverse effects of friendly fire, this skill could be considered a god-level skill.

Finally, another beam of golden light descended from the sky.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached level 18! You have received 1 Free Attribute Point, 1 Skill Point, Health Points + 2, Command Power + 1.

Da Fei also breathed a sigh of relief. It was great that he could keep the Ballista. It was said that it was hard to level up after level 10. Was it hard? He didn't think so! He was an expert. The hell of the weak was the heaven of the strong! Wahahaha!

There were only a dozen left. I'll send you all on your way. Too bad I didn't get any shark fins after killing so many.

The ballista killed another shark. At this moment, the sharks ran away like frightened birds.

Da Fei was stunned. Why did he suddenly run away? He had tens of thousands of experience points. While he was still in shock,

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A powerful enemy is approaching you, please stay alert.

The map immediately glowed red! Oh no, Boss! No wonder he ran so fast. It was an enemy that even sharks were afraid of! I thought sharks were fearless after the Bloody Rage.

Da Fei took out his binoculars and looked toward the small map. He saw a giant fish's spine coming toward him like a motorboat—the Great White Shark! The overlord of the ocean, the king of the hegemons! Legend had it that in the ocean, the Great White Shark could reach the speed of a car. Judging by its amazing speed, it was true!

Da Fei was stunned! Was it here to eat meat or to crash the ship? As long as it didn't crash the ship, anything was fine. He definitely wouldn't hit you! No, no, there was no one here. You can eat meat!

Da Fei was afraid of being seen by it. He ran toward another closed gun door in the gun compartment and peeped through the gap. After all, the legendary Great White Shark was the only shark whose head could stand on the water. Its vision was different from ordinary sharks. Who knows what would happen if it noticed him?

The Great White Shark arrived in a flash. Its size was beyond Da Fei's imagination! It was almost half the length of a ship! This was a prehistoric giant shark!

In this sea of blood, its first target was the tuna, which was chewed up so badly that it smelled delicious! Then, it opened its bloody mouth, which was like a garage door—Howl!

— Boom! The ship shook! Da Fei's heart shook!

Was he fishing for a prehistoric giant shark? Was he looking for death? No, no, he had just played Hemingway's "The Old Man and the Sea," and now he was playing Spielberg's "Great White Shark." What would happen? "Pacific Rim"? Should he summon a Gundam?

Huge waves surged on the surface of the sea, and the ship began to shake violently. The power of the giant shark was overwhelming!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. If he kept playing, he'd have to play "Titanic"! He couldn't lose this game. He had to untie the cable.

As Da Fei ran toward the deck, Da Fei could feel the ship moving. It wasn't slow either! The Giant Shark was dragging the ship!

Da Fei was shocked! Why didn't the sharks attack his ship?

Was "The Old Man and the Sea" still playing? Didn't the tuna drag the old man's boat on the sea for days and nights, then bleed to death when it ran out of energy? Did that mean the shark was as smart as it was? Didn't it know the rope was tied to the boat?

If that was the case, should he take the risk?

As a lottery enthusiast and speculator, this wasn't a problem! However, Da Fei suddenly realized that he was worried about personal gains and losses now that he had a ship. For example, he wouldn't have made those low-level mistakes before.

That was true. When he was an expert, he didn't teach those so-called experts a lesson, not because his skills were better than theirs, but because he knew his own limits. He just didn't care about the game and could do whatever he wanted.

He needed to surpass himself!

I'll bet! I already got a treasure map and information on the Super Ballista. The Epic Captain got a lot too. It's just a game, I can afford it.

Now, "The Old Man and the Sea" was playing again. The protagonist was Da Fei, the supporting character was the Great White Shark, and the boat was the big boat. With the Great White Shark dragging the boat, SV Fly broke through the waves.

Where is it? Don't worry about it. I'll keep you company!

Although he said this, Da Fei really couldn't calm down. He stayed on the boat, not daring to move, afraid of making any noise and waking up the sharks.

All of a sudden, Da Fei felt very out of sorts. Why didn't the sharks attack his ship? If they did, he wouldn't be saved. It felt like when he was helping the captain with the Trial Mission, those monsters only attacked the captain and ignored him. Did that mean the system lowered the difficulty?

Come to think of it, as soon as he fixed the boat, there would be a storm. Yes, he could complete the plot mission.

Then, he didn't have anything to eat. Fishing? Yes, he should.

Then, the tuna, sharks, and great white sharks, which were rare even among seafaring players during the open beta testing, all showed up in this area. Wasn't this a little too deliberate? Under normal circumstances, every boss-level boss in the game was dominant, and it was rare for them to meet. This was obviously a monster created by the system, right? It was like how the system kept killing monsters in the Undead World.

Could it be that his Rookie Trial wasn't over yet? But there was a notification on the island that he had completed "Assist the Captain in Battle." He had won the Knife Award, given the boat, and not far from becoming an Epic Hero. The rewards for the rookies were already full. Why wasn't it over?

Wait! Assisting the captain on such a difficult battle mission couldn't have been assigned to a player like me, who obviously wasn't a war hero, right? Wasn't this forcing me? The system might be crazy, but it would never send a Marine Admiral to a mountainous area, nor would the system arrange a battle between me and a Nautical Superior.

Could it be that after he ostracized Raging Sea of Blood, he stole his Trial Mission? He actually completed his Trial Mission, and his mission had just started?

At this moment, Da Fei realized something!

Maybe! Anything was possible! His specialty was strong, but it was only for fighting humans and monsters. His specialty was fighting the sky and the sea. This level was different! Only the sky and the sea had the right to test him!

That's right, my trial had just started! Wahaha—uh! Da Fei, who suddenly thought of something, covered his mouth as soon as he laughed. Don't let the sharks hear you. If the ship was finished, the trial would end before it even started.

As the saying goes, if you know something, you know something. Da Fei suddenly had some ideas. If the boat, the sword, and the Epic Hero were all prepared for the Admiral, what kind of rewards would the brother who just started the trial get? What kind of rewards were worthy of fighting the heavens and the sea?

Divine weapon? A thunderbolt from the sky struck the ship, and a sword of the titan was inserted in the lightning and fire?

Markal? This was an NPC for an epic quest.

God-level skill? Without any information, the system couldn't have won the prize. In this money-making game, it was more likely to spend money on the system.

Hidden job?

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. Was there a newbie village in this world where he couldn't change classes? No! He was already level 18, and he couldn't change classes. Wasn't this weird? Really weird!

Then…

In that instant, the words "Voyager" appeared in Da Fei's mind!

The captain's diary kept saying 'Voyager', 'Voyager', and 'Voyager'. Even the first line of the strange skill book was' Voyager '. If he didn't know he was a Voyager, then what was a Voyager?

Voyager was a job, of course! Miners, doctors, cooks, fishermen, dancers, and even his pikemen were all jobs. There were so many jobs in the game, so the key question was, was Voyager a hero job? At least, it wasn't mentioned on the official website.

On the official website, the Hero classes were Knights and Priests. The Elves were Rangers and Druids, the Undead were Death Knights and Necromancers, the Orcs were shamans and Barbarians. In short, they were all Warrior-type and Magic-type classes, which could increase the power of an entire army. They weren't on the same level as Miner Chefs!

If the Voyager was a hidden hero class, then the reward for his trial would probably be this!

Voyager leads the entire ship to do the most dangerous job in the world. Could it not be a hero job? I worked for him once! What are the conditions for becoming a Voyager?

— 'It's not enough for an excellent navigator to master all combat and exploration skills. The sea is an unknown field for humans. We are so insignificant in front of the sea. We will never have enough knowledge and skills.'

Da Fei flipped to the first page of Renoir's Special Version Skill Book. He suddenly understood!

"Yes."