Chapter 31: Giant Tuna

Shumilouco

By the time Da Fei woke up, it was already 6 p.m. Three days had passed in the game. The ship had been floating on the sea for three days. He didn't know where it had gone. Da Fei's character had become extremely weak after three days of not moving.

In short, it was good that nothing happened. Da Fei went downstairs and ate a plate of fried rice. When he came back, he continued to board the plane. Then, he stared at the sea in a daze.

The sea was calm, and the sky was clear. Typically, there were more sea birds near the island or land. Now that there wasn't a single bird, it was definitely in the middle of the sea. The sea in the game wasn't that big, but compared to the speed at which the chicken was floating, it was terrifying. When would I start drifting?

He had seven Skill Points now. Should he max out his Nautical Skill? If he could increase his speed by 100%, he'd need to be more powerful when he floated… No, no! This situation was very likely because he needed to kill monsters and do missions to earn Repair money, so he needed to save Skill Points for battle.

Sigh, I'm conflicted. I won't have a good life after completing this Trial Mission. Whatever, it's not a good thing to be so weak. I need to eat something. Even though the rookie lost seven days of food, I still earned some seafood on the island.

Da Fei opened the package and was stunned.

— Rotten Ingredients: Ingredients beyond shelf life. Cases of poisoning after consumption.

Holy shit! There's a shelf life! Don't be so annoying! What should I do? Just drink water?

Tch! That's easy for me.

Da Fei dragged his weak body to the lower level of the gun compartment and found more than a dozen fishing rods. Hehe, he found them in the dark that night. Sears couldn't possibly not have fishing poles. This slow drift was perfect for fishing. As for the bait, it was these rotten ingredients.

Sears' poles all had special hooks at the end, so Da Fei hung them in a row on the side of the boat. He flipped through the useless logbooks while waiting for the fish to take the bait.

The system didn't disappoint Da Fei. He managed to catch a lot of fish in one day, so he had to eat them raw. The navy members even treated fleas like sesame seeds. In short, although eating them raw caused a debilitating effect, the problem of food intake was resolved. After drinking some water, his stamina was back.

Then, Da Fei's balls hurt again. He had to keep fishing. He really didn't like fishing, but if he could get a drift bottle that could fulfill all three of his wishes, it'd be different. He could even get a mermaid.

This time, Da Fei's bait was of a higher quality, just the fish. The system didn't make Da Fei feel lonely either.

Too long. The fishing pole shook. He had something!

— System Message: You caught a banner fish, experience + 135!

Huh! Fish that gave experience! Big guy! He remembered how he couldn't beat this big fish in a one-on-one fight on the island.

Da Fei finally found some fun. If he could use the trash to catch a small fish, and the fish caught a medium fish, he'd definitely be able to catch a big fish, right? Then, he'd do it until the end.

Da Fei used up a lot of energy and almost broke the fishing pole before he could lift the fish. Then, he tried to combine the fishing lines of more than a dozen poles into a single line, cruelly stuffing all the hooks into the fish's body.

If he was trying to catch a big fish, he'd need more fishing lines and hooks. But if a big fish took the bait, these fishing rods and fishing lines wouldn't be reliable, right?

After some thinking, Da Fei found a bunch of spare thick cables to control the sail. He tied the fish into a big rice dumpling and tied the other end to the mast. This should do. Then, he tossed the fish back into the sea.

Would the system admit he was fishing? If it didn't, wouldn't he be killing monsters?

Fight monsters, right? I love it. My Ballista is dying!

Da Fei returned to the gun compartment and spent 10 minutes reassembling the ballista. It only had 8 HP now. It was okay, the situation was completely different now. The gun compartment was the life of the ballista. If he wanted to kill the ballista with 8 HP, he'd have to flip it over. He believed a big fish like this wouldn't be able to do it.

As time passed, the sun rose and set. Two hours in real life, one day in the game, passed just like that. It wasn't easy to find a predator who could eat so much bait in the sea. Maybe the system didn't want to admit that the combination of more than ten fishing rods and cables was fishing, so it didn't hook the fish?

It didn't matter. He'd just slowly drift.

Da Fei couldn't stand those ordinary navy members' logbook entries anymore. They were distributed in batches, so the system didn't give them much screen time. The captain's journal was even more boring. A good seafarer should have a strong will and stay alert. Political commissar? Not as interesting as the Artillery Chief. It seemed the information in the journal was over.

As the night passed, a new day began. Da Fei stared at the sunset, watching the sunrise on the sea. Maybe he had just gone out to sea for a day or two, but it would be so boring after a while. For example, the sailors who played cards every day in the Artillery Chief's diary. Sailing wasn't something ordinary people could do. If there was a woman on the ship, it'd be easier. What the heck, if there was a woman, how could it be called going out to sea? She was a bikini-woman for the rich, right? How enviable.

If he became rich, he'd have to hire the prettiest heroine in the bar. Then, he'd take them onto the boat and buy them the most stylish bikinis, making the seamen bleed every night! Wahahaha!

After some time of fantasizing, the fishing pole on the side of the boat suddenly shook and creaked. The rope used to tie the fish also tightened.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. A big fish had taken the bait? He quickly looked out and saw waves rolling on the surface of the sea! Oh no, it was really a big fish! Don't even think about lifting this kind of fish. A big fish that could swallow half a person in one bite would definitely give a lot of experience!

Da Fei ran to the gun compartment. The ballista had been filled up—Aim! Fire!

Bang! Bang! Two arrows shot out, creating a huge splash. "Miss!" "Miss!"

Holy shit! There was actually a missed target! Right, the Artillery Chief had also mentioned this in his diary, so there was nothing else to say. Keep loading! This time, he'd have to wait for it to jump into the water!

— Boom! "-33!" "-21!"

— System Message: You received incomplete information about the giant tuna.

Da Fei was excited. Giant tuna? Boss? He couldn't care less. He kept firing. The damage was so great, though. Ballistas weren't good for underwater creatures. Luckily, it had swallowed more than 10 fish hooks. The more it struggled, the more "-2", "-3", "-2", "-3," its HP dropped by itself. Great!

The battle lasted for more than half an hour. Amidst the splattering of blood and the sound of the ballista, a 10-meter-long tuna finally floated to the surface with its belly facing the sky.

— System Message: You have killed a giant tuna, gain 20,000 experience, gain a specialty item, "tuna egg."

— System Message: You killed 10 Bosses by yourself and completed "Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins." You received 15 Health Points, + 1 Personal Base Damage. The next achievement, "Lonely Hero 100 Straight Wins," requires the hero to kill 100 Bosses with higher levels than you without any troops.

— System Message: You have improved the information on the Giant Tuna.

Da Fei laughed out loud! He had finally completed the task! Nautical travel wasn't that boring after all. He couldn't be bothered to look at information. It'd be great if he ran into a Boss in the sea once in his life. Let's see what this fish egg is.

— tuna eggs: seafood. Can be cultivated in a fishery near the sea. The tuna is a delicious large-scale seafood, hard to catch, and very popular on the market.

So it was a territory specialty! This was good stuff. It wasn't easy for players to be feudal lords. Creating soldiers, raising soldiers, and building a city required money, and there weren't many ways to make money. One more specialty product meant one more cash cow. He could sell it online for at least 100 thousand yuan. He was rich. Wahahaha! Sailing was great!

No, no, no, it's not easy to meet a big boss in the middle of the sea. Even if I did, it'd be even harder to kill it. Not everyone is as smart and brave as me. Why should I sell it to someone else? I can build a city on the sea, build a fishery, and raise my own fish. Wouldn't that make me a money maker? It's not easy building my own city, though. I made a lot of money in the early stages. Anyway, I'll save it for now and see how the market works.

Right at this moment…

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A lot of enemies are approaching you, please be on guard.

Da Fei was shocked! There were a lot of enemies! He immediately took out a pair of binoculars and looked. Sure enough, he could see a large group of green and black fish charging toward him—sharks!

What the heck! Sharks after tuna? Old people and the sea!

"Yes."