Chapter 49: Truly An Artistic Female Pirate

At this moment, Da Fei's sub-hero panel glowed. He couldn't wait to see her attributes. It was like looking at the bride's husband on a wedding night.

Katerina: Pirate leader Rock once looted a rich woman as his wife and gave birth to his daughter, Katerina. Thanks to her mother, Katerina lived a luxurious life like an upper-class woman, but her father, Rock, wanted to groom her to be his successor. Among the mountain of goods stolen by pirates, she always found the most valuable treasure.

Character: Passionate and unrestrained, adoring luxury.

Loyalty: 100 (sub-heroes below 10 will leave you.)

Level: 30

Hero Class: Master-level Pirate (Increases the enemy's maritime damage by 50%, increases ships' maritime speed by 25%, additions to Attack Skill, Nautical Skill, etc.)

Talent Skill: Noble temperament (Noble temperament makes people look elegant and refined, easily recognized by upper-class society and respected by lower-class people)

Class Special Skill: Master Appraiser (Pirate Class Special Skill, "Treasure Intent," advanced form). Pirates have extraordinary intuition when it comes to discovering treasures, and Katerina is even more outstanding in this aspect.

Command Power: 36

Attack: 60 (Strategy Attack, Weapon + 10 Personal Attack)

Defense: 30 (0 Strategy, Armor + 30 Personal Defense)

Mana: 0

Knowledge: 0

Health: 70

Attack Speed: 22 (Weapon + 2 Attack Speed)

Movement Speed: 14

Melee Damage: 17-22

Ranged Damage: 4-8

Personal Skill: Dual-wielding Weapon, Fire Gun Shooting, Clever Dodge, War Plunder, Threatening. (Active Skill uses extra stamina.)

Hero Skill: Master-level Nautical Skill, Master-level Attack Skill, Middle-level Leadership Skill

[Current Equipment: Double-edged Blade, Pirate's Armor]

— Bloody Red Double Blade: Personal Attack + 10, Damage + 4, Attack Speed + 2

— Dwarf Short-handled Gun: Personal Attack + 10, Damage 4-8

— Pirate's Full Leather Armor: Personal Defense + 30.

Treasure: A precision craftsman's telescope.

Hero Skill: Master-level Nautical Skill, Master-level Attack Skill, Middle-level Leadership Skill

• • •

After seeing her background and attributes, Da Fei was amazed. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

He was a pirate, right? Why was he a royal? Why was he a Master Appraiser? Wasn't this too artistic?

Of course, in the presence of true love, strengths weren't important, levels weren't important, attributes weren't important, skills weren't important, personalities weren't important, even gender wasn't important. But life was like smoke, drink, rice, oil, salt, and vinegar. A long-term plan was still necessary.

Based on her strategic attributes, she had already pushed the Pirate class to the extreme. She added 10 Attack points to the level 10 novice stage. After level 10, the Pirate Class Advancement system would automatically give 1 Attack point for every level up. The Free Attribute Points would continue to be processed, and at level 30, it would give 50 Attack points. What did 50 Attack mean? Da Fei had worked under Renoir before, so he knew it very well.

What was even more terrifying was that the Master-level Pirate's class attribute could add 50% more damage on top of the Master's Attack Skill, doubling the damage! Her damage at sea was definitely at the level of an angel. Her special skill was dual wielding weapons. What was a dual wielding weapon? It meant she had two knives in her hands, which meant her attack speed was 1x faster than ordinary people, so her terrifying 22 Attack Speed wasn't baseless.

Of course, the drawbacks of pursuing high damage, high attack speed, and low defense were obvious too! Pirates would be in trouble if they ran into mages. Of course, he was amazing. He got an Epic Hero every three days. By the time other people's mages took shape, his mages would be miles ahead of them. Who was afraid of whom? Even so, low defense was a big problem. He needed to plan on points as a hero.

The problem now was her talent.

Noble temperament was neither a fighting skill nor a management skill that he needed. Pirates weren't scary, but pirates were cultured. Epic heroes had their own logic, it depended on whether players knew how to use them.

Da Fei thickened his skin and asked, "Dear—"

Katerina hummed flirtatiously. "You're annoying."

Oh no! I'm about to melt from this feeling! Am I playing a game? Why don't women in real life give me this feeling? Is this true love? Wahahaha!

Da Fei asked with a greedy expression, "Baby! What do you do with your speciality, nobility?"

Katerina shook her long hair and sighed. "Humans have 30% temperament and 70% style. They need good clothes."

Da Fei quickly said, "Good clothes? I have plenty. I have five or six sets!" Then, he took out the captain's ceremonial uniform. This was high-end stuff!

Katerina's eyes lit up. She smiled bitterly. "This is a male outfit!"

Da Fei: "Um…"

Katerina took over the clothes and chuckled. "However, a woman's charm lies in clothes!" Then, she took off her wet white shirt and launched a pair of bronze-colored waves wrapped in a white bikini!

In that instant, Da Fei's eyes also popped out! But this wasn't the end! Katerina took off her black leather skirt. A fiery red tattoo rose bloomed under her white blouse!

In that instant, Da Fei held on! Although he had seen countless sexy swimming costumes, supermodels, and lingerie models on his computer, and of course, there were art teachers with dual skills and virtues, Katerina was the only one who made him want to do something!

Pffft! Why was he so impulsive? Of course it was because Katerina was his woman! His felt completely different from other people's!

The Beta Gamers didn't lie to me. Beautiful female heroes really killed male players! They could satisfy men's mental needs in real life! I finally understood why there were so few female heroes. Female heroes needed more game consoles than male heroes. The game developer's goal was clear! Even though he knew this was a trap, there were still many male players who wanted to jump into it! This was a disease, it needed treatment!

I've seen through the game developer's tricks. As a professional gamer, would I jump into your trap? If I don't go to hell, who will?

In a daze, Katerina finished fixing her hair and changed. A handsome young naval officer appeared.

Katerina stood up straight, imitating the officer. "How is it?"

Da Fei was disappointed. As expected, it was best if you didn't wear clothes and sunbathed. I'd have to apply sunscreen for you. He clapped and praised, "Great! So stylish!"

Katerina smiled even more brightly. "See my aristocratic demeanor?"

Is there? Where is there? Da Fei looked up and down and suddenly noticed that the Hero's Halo under Katerina's feet had turned into a faint golden color. Holy shit! The Pirate Hero's Blood Red Halo had become the Knight, Priest, and Hero's Golden Halo! The change of clothes even changed the hero's camp!

He was a liar!

Sub-heroes had different factions and races. It wouldn't have much of an impact when they fought with the players, as long as they could fight. But during times of peace, it was hard not to have a lot of problems. For example, after human players hired the Undead sub-heroes, the Undead heroes couldn't enter the city, they could only stay in the camp outside the city with the troops.

The role of the sub-hero was not only to accompany the players in battle, but also to lead the army on their own, or to complete missions on behalf of the players, or to be the deputy city lord and help the players manage the castle. Especially with players in the castle, when the players weren't online, the role of the sub-hero was crucial. The ability of the sub-hero would determine if the players could sleep well.

Ships were considered mobile territories. Ships were equivalent to mobile castles. After Da Fei appointed Katerina as the first mate, Katerina could go to the commercial world on her own without Da Fei on the ship, or even outside the game. (Wouldn't that be like logging off to cheat on gold?) However, if Katerina was a pirate hero, it was hard to say. The kingdom's navy might let her off since the owner was Da Fei, or they could fight whenever they met. They might not even let Katerina go to the port. Anything could happen.

Therefore, if the players didn't want trouble, they should hire heroes from the same camp, unless the enemy heroes were very valuable.

What was happening to Katerina now? She had two identities! She could sell both the black and the white! This way, she'd be much safer as an independent merchant. There were probably more benefits. As a pirate, she could sell in pirate territory, which meant he could open a whole pirate market!

Da Fei understood the value of her talent—she was probably an upper-level fighter. Compared to her, her fighting skills were much weaker!

Although the upper-level route was high-end, it still needed the lower-level route as a foundation. He still needed to recruit heroes who could fight to fill the team. In order to make up for the pirates' lack of HP and Defense, and to build a team for Stealth Sailing, he needed to recruit a magic-type hero. Beauty was his priority.

Speaking of the Beauty and Magic Hero, Da Fei suddenly thought of the 15-year-old daughter in the seafaring chief's journal. She was always in the church, right? Could she use Light Magic? Could she be a hero? Da Fei began to look forward to it.

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.