Chapter 41: The Scroll To Change The Hero'S Fate

Shumilouco

The next morning, Da Fei's task was to clean the room of alcohol with the water bottle. He knew this was the cultural style of an illiterate female pirate.

In short, when all the heroes and violin artists started playing, the wild and sexy Katerina arrived.

Da Fei was rich today. He smiled and said, "To thank you for your kindness, I'll buy you a drink."

Katerina took the wine from Da Fei and shook the bottom of the glass. She stared at the wine in the glass and said seriously, "I heard you knew about the Stealth Sailing?"

Da Fei was overjoyed! I wanted to ask you, but you asked me first. This is easy. Whether it's to build a good relationship with her or to get more information on the Godly Skill, I have enough reasons to tell you everything.

Dafei quickly said, "I know a little."

Katerina was surprised. "We pirates have a good intel network on land. We've never heard of the Pirate King's Stealth."

Da Fei instantly understood. It seemed like the pirates were also interested in the Pirate King's unique skill. Maybe if he cracked the Pirate King's move, the Pirate King's throne would be lost? Haha, if that was the case, he wouldn't be the one chasing you, he would be…

Da Fei chuckled and said, "There are some things I can't find out."

Katerina asked, "You said yesterday that the Pirate King's Stealth Sailing was cracked by the Voyager Renoir. Do you know Renoir?"

Da Fei nodded. "In a way, I'm his student too."

Katerina asked, "What do you have to prove you're his student?"

What? This has to be proven? Da Fei was stunned. He was bragging, right? But it made sense. The other party was an NPC. Proofs were important. There was no way he'd listen to players bragging. But there was proof!

Da Fei immediately took out Renoir's skill book. "This is it! He gave this to me. It's Renoir's Nautical Skill Book."

Katerina took the book and blacked out. "I don't know any words."

— Ah! Da Fei almost choked. This was the only way to prove that he was related to Renoir!

What should I do? Should I find someone who knows how to read? I think the violin-playing artist is really artistic. He should be fine.

Katerina didn't throw the book back right away. She played with the book and asked, "How much do you know about Stealth Sailing?"

Oh, he didn't need to worry about the evidence anymore? Great.

Da Fei started learning. "I don't know much. This skill might involve skills like Reconnaissance Skill, Nautical Skill, Arcane Skill, etc., or even the material of the ship itself. Anyway, this should be a group skill. It's not something a person can use." Humph, this was the research results recorded by the Navigator, Juan.

Katerina asked, "That's all you know?"

Da Fei nodded. "Yes, that's why I want to know how much the pirates know."

Katerina shook her head and said, "I heard that when the bearded man captured you, you already captured a great white shark?"

Hehe, he didn't know why she was asking this, but it felt like a woman asking him, "I heard you beat up that bad * ss guy?" As a man, he shouldn't miss out on opportunities to show off in front of beautiful women.

Da Fei shrugged. "As long as we find the right way, it's not hard to catch the Great White Shark."

Katerina chuckled and didn't say anything else. She just turned the book over in her hands. I said, she liked this too when I gave her the telescope, but she was like a child then. Now, she really looked like a young woman in love, playing with a token given by her lover over again.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Was he impressed by his awesomeness and knowledge? Could it be… impossible, impossible, legendary hero!

Finally, after a moment of silence, Katerina asked, "Have you decided?"

Da Fei's heart sank. "Decide what?"

Katerina chuckled. "To decide if you want to join us, of course. Are you willing to spend the rest of your life washing dishes? Time waits for no man. When you were washing the dishes, others had already surpassed you."

Ah, she really wanted my talent! I may be a great talent, and there's a legendary beauty in front of me, but I won't be tempted.

Da Fei shook his head. "I won't join the pirates." Huh? Surpass me? I don't believe it. Unless you don't create storms or give me a chance to escape for the rest of my life! As long as I escape, even without a ship, I can make a fortune with just an Epic Mission.

Katerina's gaze turned cold. "Do you look down on pirates that much?"

Da Fei sighed. "It's not that I'm looking down on them, it's just that the way pirates work is limited."

Katerina said coldly, "You're looking down on me!"

Bang! She raised the skill book in her hand and knocked on the table, changing the hard cover!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! No way. He offended the rich woman!

Something even more jaw-dropping happened—she tore off the golden cover of the skill book!

— Puah! Skill books could be torn? Hey hey, this is my Enigma Skill Book, you can't do this!

At this moment, a piece of paper with a golden light shining on it floated down from the leather cover. There's something here! Da Fei's eyes widened in shock. This golden light was unique to divine weapons!

Katerina smiled as she held the piece of paper. "I don't know any words. Can you read it to me?"

Looking at the paper in front of him, Da Fei was stunned! It wasn't a treasure map, it wasn't a bank card!

— Voyager Wisdom Scroll: Able to convert a hero's nautical talent to a Voyager occupation talent!

Renoir's comment:

— I've seen many excellent Sears. They had unique talents, but unfortunately, our current vocation system is so outdated that we can't support their talents. Some excellent talents, which weren't enhanced by their jobs and couldn't be improved through postnatal training, were buried just like that. If strange talents were God's gift, then only God could train them!

— The person who discovered this scroll later: First, you have to be a Voyager! Then, by discovering this piece of paper, you proved that you have the excellent observation skills a Voyager must have. You have the right to use this Scroll of Wisdom of God, which records all my life experiences and knowledge.

• • •

Only then did Da Fei realize that the "truth is hidden in something you're used to" at the end of the skill book was referring to this? The secret of the Heavenly Sword and the Dragon Slaying Saber was actually hidden! An item without any prompts or clues in his hands would be exposed by her. This was the difference between Legendary and Newcomer levels!

This could change the fate of a hero!

What did this mean? If he could convert his innate talent, Storm Voyager, into a professional talent, then his talent would be gone! It meant he could pick a new talent! This was the legendary saying that players could change their talent with late-stage effort!

No, he was more advanced than them. He had two specialties! Under normal circumstances, it would have taken him a long time to discover the book's secret, but now, the Legendary Hero had discovered it for him. He had opened the door to the next level!

Looking at Da Fei's shocked expression, Katerina chuckled. "What is it? Read it to me?"

What the heck! This was a god-level treasure that could change fate! As a pirate, what would happen if she got her hands on it? Would she give it back to him?

Da Fei coughed and said, "It's a letter."

Katerina asked, "What letter requires such high-end materials?"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! What to do? What to do? Tell her the truth, or lie to her? Was she a pirate or a female robber? The system's settings meant she could legally take things from players! This piece of paper was not something he could find with his ability. If she did, she'd have more reasons to believe him. Then, lie to her? She didn't know any words! But if she did, he'd die even worse.

But women were smart when it came to money, stupid when it came to love. He'd try it!

Da Fei coughed and said, "A letter to the goddess…"

Katerina teased, "Goddess? Read it to me?"

Da Fei looked at her whole body affectionately. "My goddess, I remember the day we met, the night we…" Pa, pa, pa, pa, your beautiful red hair, your hot and sweet lips, your voluptuous and full breasts, your slim waist, your bronze-colored thighs, your sweet nectar, I'll never forget it. I love you, come with me. I'll work hard to earn money, I'll renovate the ship to be as luxurious as a royal yacht, I'll let you live like a real lady, no, a queen, we'll travel the world on a luxury ship, we'll sell the entire ship with gold, we'll buy an island, we'll build our own kingdom manor on the island! "

If she was lied to, he could get back the piece of paper. If she exposed him, he could say he was confessing his love to her, and he wasn't lying to her. He could attack or defend!

Katerina shook the paper in shock. "That's it?"

Da Fei nodded. "Right. So, this…"

Katerina smiled. "What is a slap?"

Da Fei looked at her affectionately. "That's the sound of waves hitting the side of the ship."

Katerina laughed. "I like this letter! It's like what you said to me!" She rolled up the piece of paper and stuffed it into her breasts.

— Ah! Da Fei vomited blood…

C

"Yes."