Chapter 45: Deducing The Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill

Redax (); Facing this crocodile, which was moving forward slowly like a bulldozer, Da Fei fired a second shot! "-247!" "-159!!!"

— Boom! Like a balloon exploding, a giant lizard covered in mucus burst out of the alligator's belly!

— System Message: You have killed a Barren Island Large Man-eating Crocodile, experience + 15000!

— System Message: You killed a leader-level creature with a higher level than you. Progress of "Lone Warrior 100 Victories in a Row": 12,100

— System Message: You received information on "Intelligence Analysis", a Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill sub-skill.

Haha! Wahahaha! Da Fei's crazy laughter reverberated on the beach! He killed a Boss that couldn't be defeated under normal circumstances with just two or four shots! What is this? This is me being awesome!

Was there a need to think about what to do now? There were so many crocodile Bosses, and the mission was such a scam. Now, it wasn't a scam at all! Just try to fulfill my dream of 100 consecutive wins! Under normal circumstances, this could only be achieved by players who had reached a certain level, but now, I could do it as easily as you could do this meal! I'm the real man at the top of the food chain!

Another two crocodiles' bellies exploded, and a golden light descended from the sky! Level 21! He leveled up! One crocodile had 15 thousand experience points, more than a hundred crocodiles would be 1.5 million. How many levels could he level up? 24? 25? 26? Wahahaha! He'd only played for three days! What level was the highest level player in the world now? Hm, it didn't matter how many levels he had. He couldn't be bothered to compete with others. Wahahaha!

Continue!

Another crocodile was blown to the ground. The beach of Barren Island was filled with the ugliest, most sinful massacres of humans. Not for survival, not for self-defense, not even for business, but for experience! This was the game, the game was sinful! What kind of dark and twisted desires did players have in the game?

Da Fei's heart also calmed down from the initial excitement. He began to think of a profound question—why did every crocodile killed by the system prompt information on the Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill sub-skill "Intelligence Analysis"? Why couldn't he find any information? Where was the information?

The key question was the one he thought of earlier. "Intelligence Analysis" was clearly a skill recorded in the Public Skill Book. As long as one reached the Grandmaster level, they could learn it with Skill Points. It wasn't like "Stealth Sailing" was a skill that wasn't recorded in the Skill Book, which required players to collect information. Why was there so much information?

If he wanted to be a true pro-player, he needed to learn how to think and observe!

Maybe his observation skills were limited by the player's level, so he had to lose a lot of important things. For example, that God-level scroll, but the brain was his own, and no one could take it away! This was how he became a Voyager, so he wouldn't miss out on the only Grandmaster sub-skill with powerful combat power in the Reconnaissance Skill.

Learning "Intelligence Analysis" wasn't hard. The hard part was reaching the Grandmaster level in Reconnaissance Skill! Without reaching the Grandmaster level, it didn't matter how much information he collected.

The next question was how to reach the grandmaster level. The only clue given by the official website was that players had to figure it out on their own. There were more ways to find out! This was the divide between an expert and an ordinary player.

It was recorded in Juan's journal that he leveled up after seeing through Pirate King Red Beard's amazing skill, Stealth Sailing. This was an important revelation. But this revelation had to be based on the premise that his Reconnaissance Skill had to reach Master-level first, right?

What was the level of his Reconnaissance Skill? Advanced? What did he learn?

There was nothing to say. Now was not the time to be stingy with skill points at this crucial moment of enlightenment. He could level up like a rocket, why worry about points? Besides, Reconnaissance Skill was the skill he was supposed to master at the start.

Da Fei was no longer confused. He took out the Reconnaissance Skill Skill Book as he reloaded—this time, he saw it clearly. It was the Reconnaissance Skill. Right!

— System Message: You used 1 Skill Point to learn Expert-level Reconnaissance Skill!

— System Message: You used 1 Skill Point to learn the Master-level Reconnaissance Skill!

He graduated from the Reconnaissance Skill University!

— Master-level Reconnaissance Skill: The hero's field of vision increases by 100%, the hero gains night vision. The hero can train a special Reconnaissance Soldier in his own castle, Scout…

As his skills improved by two levels, Da Fei felt as if the world had broadened! This feeling was really refreshing! The advantage of having a clear vision was that his brain and thinking also felt refreshed.

Come on, I'm a Master now. I'm qualified to talk about Grandmaster-level now.

Since there were many ways to gain enlightenment at the Guru level, Juan had obviously achieved sublimation through the Counterfeiting Skill. What skill would I gain sublimation? Without a doubt, it would be sub-skill information gathering! This was the only skill he had.

Only by learning "gathering intelligence" could he get information on those three question marks, and only then could he analyze the monster's weakness and deal damage that ignored its defense. Was this the theory of "intelligence analysis"?

But now, the effect was the opposite. The monster was too bored to self-destruct, so it had to deal high damage. It didn't even need to analyze! In other words, the current situation was deriving skills in actual combat! Not skills affecting actual combat! So, the system kept reminding him about skills for analysis?

What was derivation? For example, how did Newton's Law F = Mom come about? It was the discovery of phenomena, collecting data, ending laws, and finally coming up with the formula. This was derivation! The current situation was probably derivation.

Boom! Another two arrows flew out! Although Da Fei's brain wasn't working, he didn't stop attacking either.

— System Message: You have killed a Barren Island Large Man-eating Crocodile, experience + 15000!

— System Message: You have improved the Barren Island Troll information!

— System Message: You received information on "Intelligence Analysis", a Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill sub-skill.

Da Fei frowned. He had perfected the information again! He quickly opened Crocodile's information panel. The three question marks became words!

— Gluttony Weakness: Crawling creatures often couldn't choose the size of their food, they could only eat it raw, which greatly reduced their defense speed.

Right! The question mark just now was because my Reconnaissance Skill level wasn't high enough, making it hard to gather more detailed information! Now that I'm at the Master-level, of course. Then, if I was at the Grandmaster-level, would I be able to gather more detailed information? After all, the Master-level only said it would be greatly reduced, and didn't specify how much it would be reduced. These vague words obviously didn't sound like a regular skill introduction, so there would definitely be more detailed information.

The problem was, he wasn't a grandmaster?

In that instant, Da Fei's train of thought became clear again! In order to confirm his theory, he immediately loaded the gun and aimed at the next crocodile!

Bang! As the crocodile died,

— System Message: You have gathered more information on Barren Island's Man-eating Crocodile!

Another message came out! Da Fei opened the information panel again. There were no new question marks skills, just the same words. What kind of information did he have?

Was there a need to ask? Of course, the system was collecting data non-stop! Crocodiles ate differently, and their defense and speed decreased differently. When all the samples were collected, it would be when "Gluttony Weakness" showed the detailed data, which could only be achieved with Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill!

What was this? A practical derivation skill? What did this mean?

When he learned the Grandmaster skill on the Special Skill Perfection Day! Haha, wahahaha! Da Fei suddenly realized something and laughed out loud! After thinking about it for so long, wasn't he just going to level up his skill to the Master-level Reconnaissance Skill and then kill a specific monster? Why bother? Continue killing!