Chapter 43: Corpse Mountain Bait

Typically, a treasure-hunting task with a boss required teamwork. One person lured the monster, while the other person collected the treasure.

But in this situation, there was no one to work with. The pirates weren't friendly to Da Fei, so they couldn't control him. Ambush-type monsters like crocodiles weren't easy to lure. Ambush-type monsters were usually patient and didn't waste their energy easily. If they weren't confident, they wouldn't move, but if they did, they'd be attacked by lightning-fast attacks.

Stealth wasn't an option either. He'd be exposed once he got into the water.

What should I do? If I drove the big boat here, maybe I could try to catch alligators like I did with the great white shark. But I don't have any tools right now!

Fishing? Da Fei's heart skipped a beat.

Right! He could still fish! After thinking it through, Da Fei laughed and went toward the forest on the island. The pirates said there were ferocious beasts on the island, so there had to be prey too. Da Fei was going to be a hunter.

After Da Fei entered the forest, he started to use Stealth Move and looked around with the binoculars. Soon, an animal that looked like a goat appeared in his field of vision. Barren Island Goat! This one would do. It had a lot of meat to attract crocodiles.

He got close, got close, and snuck into the village. He didn't want to miss a single shot. The goat became alarmed as soon as the branches rustled under its feet. It ran away without a trace. Damn, its speed wasn't something a human could catch up to.

Keep going! Da Fei found a few more goats. All of them escaped before he got close. Da Fei was confused.

Being a hunter with a pike was a joke. Even primitive people knew how to use arrows and flying spears. He wasn't even at the level of primitive people.

He'd look for a ferocious beast! A ferocious beast wouldn't run away, right? Soon, Da Fei encountered a ferocious beast, Barren Island Big Leopard! Da Fei immediately checked the information.

— Barren Island Big Leopard: Attack: 17, Defense: 8, Health: 75, Damage: 11-20, Attack Speed: 23, Movement Speed: 20, Special Skill: Lurker, Up the Tree, Rapid Bite, Strangle Kill.

Da Fei instantly became silent. The reason why the ferocious beast was called "Fierce Beast" was because it had a huge advantage that mere humans couldn't match. Seeing its terrifying attack speed of 23 points, Da Fei felt a little weak. This attack speed wasn't something humans could achieve. It was hard for its claws, mouth, and teeth to not be fast.

I have 20 Attack, 30 Defense, 71 HP, and 8-10 Land Damage with the Paralysis and Toxins. Can I win?

This was a fluke, and he needed to consider it carefully. While he was thinking, the leopard became alarmed and jumped onto a tree, hiding in the leaves.

Holy shit! Are you a monster? Why are you hiding?

Since the other party was showing weakness, Da Fei didn't care. He rushed to the tree, raised his gun, and provoked. "Get down!"

The leopard only showed its eyes in the bushes. It didn't move. Da Fei kicked the tree. "Get down!"

The leopard: "Meow!"

Da Fei tried for a while, but there was nothing he could do. He sighed. "Why are you so awesome?"

Humans didn't kill animals unless they needed to hunt or defend their territory. Animals knew what it meant to be injured. It meant that top predators couldn't catch the weakest rabbit and would starve to death.

Although Da Fei wasn't injured, he was the predator with the most legs. In this survival of the fittest island forest, Da Fei couldn't even catch a rabbit. Humans were really insignificant.

Humans were intelligent, but not many humans were as intelligent as him!

As a result, Da Fei kept chasing until he found a rabbit nest in the grass. Then, he got a fat rabbit.

Wahahaha, there's a bait!

Of course, a rabbit wasn't even enough to fill the gap between the crocodile's teeth, and the crocodile probably didn't care. Da Fei's primary goal wasn't the crocodile, but to lure bigger prey with the rabbit. That's right, he could fish for small fish, fish for medium fish, fish for big fish, fish for beautiful pirates!

Da Fei went near the shallow water beach where the crocodile lived. He chose a place where the crocodile wouldn't be alarmed and started to assemble the ballista. After the ballista was assembled, he tried firing a bolt toward the beach. Then, Da Fei put the rabbit near the ballista.

Da Fei made this arrangement to make sure the ballista didn't need to be aimed to hit the target. After all, if a small creature came running fast, like a fox running with a rabbit in its mouth, why wait for the target to aim? The ballista had a long range, so it wouldn't alert the target, making it easier to hunt.

After everything was set up, Da Fei waited quietly on the Ballista.

Time passed. Da Fei kept yawning. Suddenly, a white shadow flashed in front of him—what the heck! Da Fei didn't see anything. He reflexively pulled the trigger.

Bang! The bolt shot out like a bolt of lightning. Poof! Blood splattered everywhere. Oh my god! It was a fish eagle! It almost stole my hard-earned bait! This was a huge cannonball. It was so dangerous. If it wasn't for the fact that it didn't pick up the rabbit's speed, a ballista would have missed it!

But this was good too. Not only did he save the rabbit, he now had a giant bird. This was the effect he wanted.

Now that Da Fei had stacked the eagles and rabbits together, he didn't dare to be careless. He kept the binoculars and stared vigilantly at the sky and the forest on the coast.

Before long, all kinds of foxes appeared in the grass. Hehe, come, let's see if you're more cunning.

The results were amazing. By nightfall, all kinds of meat from foxes, falcons, and seabirds were piled up.

But the crocodile in the water remained unmoved. Da Fei started to panic. Are alligators really scavengers? Did they not see it? Did they not smell it? Or did they not like it? Should he lure all the big-sized beasts on the island and make a mountain of corpses? Or was he wrong from the start? Were they not into this?

While he was feeling anxious, the grass on the bank rustled. Something big is coming! Da Fei became excited.

It appeared! Barren Island Scavenger Lizard!

— Barren Island Carrion Lizard: Attack: 13, Defense: 15, Damage: 11-18, Health: 130, Attack Speed: 8, Movement Speed: 7, Experience: 570, Special Skill: Decaying Tracking, Plague Lives, Corpse Eating.

The lizards' tongues had a strong sense of smell. They could smell corpses from miles away. They ate rotten corpses all year round. Their teeth and saliva were filled with all sorts of toxins. No matter how powerful a creature was, if it was bitten by a lizard, it could be for a day, or even half a month. There was only death! This was why the lizards, who weren't particularly fast, ran wild on the uninhabited island.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. Needless to say, this design was obviously copied from the island of Indonesia's Komodo Dragon. If this was the case, he could build his Corpse Mountain. Its HP and Defense wouldn't last one shot!

As expected, when the first lizard entered the ambush without any warning, Da Fei killed it with one shot.

— System Message: You have killed Barren Island Large Lizard, experience + 570.

Based on its stats alone, the experience was passable! But compared to the scary skill, Life Swap, or even Life Swap, the experience wasn't worth it.

With the first lizard, there was a second one. Soon, more giant lizards appeared in the grass. In the dark, the lizards' frog eyes were like light bulbs, lighting up the whole beach.

What the heck! Did I attract all the giant lizards on the island? Come on, all of you will help me build my mountain of corpses! Haha, wahahaha!

(Going to Sanjiang, please vote)

Please read the app.