Chapter 48: See The Rainbow After The Storm

He was going easy on her!

How could the system really trap players in the bathroom? It would notify players that players were eliminated. He had to escape now.

It was 12 p.m, and after playing the game for three days, it would be 6 p.m tomorrow morning. OK, time to sleep. Too bad I had to use this escape god-level scroll. If only life was like the first time I saw it. I wouldn't ask about Stealth Sailing anymore. Sigh.

The next day, the alarm woke Dafei up. Da Fei quickly finished eating, drinking, and shitting before going online.

It was indeed the calm before the storm. The sky above the Barren Sea was overcast, and waves were rolling on the surface of the sea. Pirates were busy tying up all the ships at the port. People were collecting clothes everywhere.

A storm was coming, and Da Fei remembered the route to take. He waited anxiously for an opportunity to escape.

It was late at night. Lightning flashed, thunder roared, and a storm raged. All the pirates retreated back into their houses. The whole world was dark. In the darkness, one couldn't even see their own hands. Only sudden lightning illuminated the world.

This was the time! Da Fei used his Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill, Stealth Move, and crawled all the way to the pier where SV Fly was docked, even though he couldn't breathe due to the wind and rain.

SV Fly's huge body was tied to the pier by hundreds of thick ropes, making a huge sound from the wind and waves. Even the sea in the archipelago was so violent. Da Fei could already imagine what kind of huge waves it would encounter. Maybe it would sink once it went out to sea. However, no matter the price, he had to escape.

Da Fei used the Grandmaster Stealth Move at the right time, place, and time. The oil lamp sentry posts in the wooden house at the pier were useless. Da Fei successfully climbed onto his own boat.

He checked the status of the ship first.

Name of the ship: SV Fly (Quest Reward: Cannot be traded among players)

Captain: Dafei

Ship Special Skill: Blessing of God (Sailor's Luck + 2)

Ship Model: Large four-masted three-story high-speed sailing ship.

Shipping capacity: 1000 units

Usage: 10 years

Ships with minimum crew capacity: 30 people

Ship durability: 1690 / 1690

Ship Speed: 10

Ship Armor Defense: Left port 32, right port 80.

Sea God Insurance Level: 0 (The ship is not protected by the Sea God, it will sink forever if anything happens.)

Ship's current status: Additional armor on the left side has fallen, Cursed by Bad Luck (Sears' Luck -3).

So the pirates had already fixed the ship these days. Yes, it had to be done. Too bad the ship's durability cap was gone. There was nothing else to say. He'd just cut off the rope and leave.

"You're here!" A familiar voice came from behind him.

Da Fei was shocked. He quickly looked back. It was Katerina! She wore a headscarf, gloves, and a double-edged sword at her waist. She was wearing a sailor suit!

In that instant, two words appeared in Da Fei's mind: elope!

Katerina laughed. "Not welcome? You don't think you can take the boat by yourself, do you?"

Gosh, Gosh, Gosh, Gosh! Legendary hero, legendary hero, legendary hero, legendary hero, legendary hero, legendary hero, legendary hero, legendary hero, legendary hero!!! She eloped with me!!! She eloped with me!!! She eloped with me!!! I'm so awesome!! Haha! Wahahaha!

Da Fei was so excited he peed his pants. He only had one word in his mind: "Welcome! Welcome!"

Katerina smiled. "I'll take the helm. You cut the rope holding the boat and start from the bow. After that, you can raise the sail to the main mast. At most, you can raise half a sail. Watch the wind. Don't let it blow you ashore."

Da Fei nodded frantically. "OK, OK, OK!"

On this stormy night, when I was alone and helpless, you were an angel sent by God. No, you were a goddess! I loved you so much! Please let me massage you a hundred times, a hundred times! I'll apply sunscreen a hundred times, a hundred times! I'll give you all the services you want, hahahaha…

There was no need to cut off all the ropes. The force of the wave broke all the ropes at the stern of the ship. SV Fly rushed out of the harbor like a wild horse, charging toward the raging sea.

— System Message: You fought the storm, gain experience + 1500!

— System Message: You fought the storm, gain experience + 1500!

— System Message: Warning! There is a leak in the third level of the ship. Please drain the ship.

— System Message: Warning! The lower deck of the ship has been damaged. Please fix it.

The sailboat flew up and down in the raging waves. Katerina agilely controlled the boat to avoid the waves. With the Legendary Hero at the helm, Da Fei, a player who didn't know anything about sailing, now had a backbone. This sense of security and excitement made Da Fei excited, who was busy fixing everything. He had too many questions to ask. Da Fei never thought an NPC in the game would be so excited and concerned about him. This was love!

The wind was howling. It was the sound of love. The waves were churning. It was the sound of love. The sailboat was rolling. It was the cradle of love! Haha! Wahahaha…

After the storm, the sky and the sea became one.

After fighting all night, Da Fei and Katerina sat side by side at the bow of the boat, watching the sunrise and the rainbows. The morning sun shone on Katerina's tired and wet face, giving off a golden glow. Da Fei couldn't look at her. Goddess, she was a goddess who came knocking on his door!

Da Fei looked toward the east and said affectionately, "I didn't think you'd help me at the last minute. Come with me. We can run businesses, make money together, renovate our ship into a royal-class luxury tour boat. I'll make you live like a queen."

Katerina chuckled and drew out a shiny piece of paper from the gap between her breasts. "You've said this before, but I still like it. I'll give it back to you now!"

— Ah! He got it back! Da Fei was so happy he spat out blood! The system really didn't defame players' equipment easily! It even gave him a beauty! Sister, you've always kept such an important item here! What if it dropped? How confident are you in its storage function? But it's good to be confident. I like it. Wahahaha!

Katerina smiled again. "I helped you because you never wanted to be a pirate. You were even willing to give up something so important. Do you understand?"

Da Fei was stunned. "You… haven't you been trying to persuade me to join the pirates? Are you testing me?" Did she really know what this piece of paper was?

Katerina laughed. "You're right. Pirates are too narrow-minded. I've yearned for a world outside the island since I was a child, a life of luxury for rich ladies. I've always fantasized about a true hero taking me away, and you're the hero chosen by me after passing my tests! If you join the pirates, I'll just be good friends with you, but if you refuse to join the pirates, I'll go with you!"

As soon as he finished speaking, a bunch of system notifications appeared!

— System Message: Congratulations! Epic Hero Katerina has become your sub-hero!

— Novice Guide: Congratulations! You have won the first sub-hero. Once the sub-hero is defeated, he will appear in your sub-hero space. He needs to be revived at the Hero's Altar in a big city. Resurrecting a hero requires a certain fee. The higher the hero's level, the higher the cost. If you have a first-aid talent, you can revive the sub-hero after the battle. The sub-hero who is revived by first-aid will be in a weak state for a long time.

— Novice Guide: The ship is equivalent to a mobile territory, the nautical mode is equivalent to a territorial operation mode. The captain can assign various jobs to the sub-heroes, and the sub-heroes will show off their talents in different jobs. The first sub-heroes would be recommended as the first mate.

— First mate: Second captain. Owns all of the captain's functions. Can cruise automatically without the captain.

Da Fei finally understood! In fact, she already hinted with her artistic style! I see!

It was a good thing he was determined, or it would have backfired! At the end of the day, it was his fault! Now that the deed was done, he'd have to accept it. He thought she was a Legendary Hero at first, but Legendary Heroes rarely joined players. Epic was the best, wahahaha!

• • •

At the Barren Pirate's port, the leader of the Barren Pirates, Captain Locke, stood on the watchtower until morning. He looked tired and lonely.

Barak yawned and came over. "Boss, Katerina seemed to have left with the kid."

Loke lit up the cigarette, which had been extinguished by the downpour. He puffed out a smoke ring. "That kid is a navigator at such a young age. He has a bright future. Katerina might have a better future with him."

Barak sighed. "If he leaves, Katerina may never come back."

Loke laughed and straightened his back. "It's okay. I'll have another bunch of daughters. Wahahaha!"

Please read the app.