Chapter 44: Discovering The Giant Crocodile'S Weakness

Under the night sky, Da Fei didn't need to aim at all. He killed the slow-moving Large Lizards one after another. These pitiful Large Lizards didn't even know where the attacks came from.

The eyes of the crocodiles were also shining in the water. They finally reacted to the lizard's approach and began to float toward the shore.

The strategy worked. There was hope of luring the monster! Da Fei became even more excited. He couldn't remember how many Large Lizards he killed. A golden light descended from the sky.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to level 20! You have received 1 Free Attribute point, 1 Skill Point, Health + 2, Command Power + 1, Tactical Position + 1, Personal Base Damage + 1.

— System Message: As a beginner Navigator, you have grown. You are rewarded with 1 Free Attribute Point.

Oh yeah! He leveled up! Elementary Voyager only rewarded 1 point every 5 levels, so there should be 4 points at level 20. At level 19, he'd already rewarded 3 points. Now, 1 point was the compensation.

However, the thought of the Voyager's God-grade scroll falling into her hands made Da Fei's heart ache! No, it was just a female NPC, right? She didn't want a car or a place to stay, could she blow up my eggs? He didn't believe he couldn't take her down! Not only did he need to complete this task, he needed to do it beautifully. What was one unit of pearls? He needed to complete the task in excess, he needed to harvest all the pearls in this pool.

The eastern horizon glowed red. It was almost dawn.

After a night of killing, the Large Lizard's body had piled up into a mountain of meat on the beach. After a night of killing, Da Fei's experience wasn't far from Level 21.

He was sure that although millions of players in the world used ballistas to start the game, very few players could use ballistas as well as he did. He didn't need a Pawnee Cannon, a topography slot, aim, or any back-up parts. What else could he do?

The realm of an expert is not all kinds of fancy tactics, but facing the most suitable enemy at the right time. I told you, I'm an expert! How could an expert like me be a pirate? It's a waste of talent. Being a businessman is the way to go. Wahahaha!

Finally, the crocodiles, which had been watching the whole night, moved. They crawled ashore in groups and began to enjoy the delicious meal. Even the alligators, known to be immune to diseases, were afraid of the lizard's toxin. This was why they watched last night.

Da Fei was waiting for this chance. When the crocodiles went ashore in groups, Da Fei rushed to the beach to fish up shells.

— System Message: You picked up a pearl shell and got a Blood Pearl!

Blood Pearl! Looking at the red glass ball in his hand, which was as big as a marble, Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Was this a pearl? Weren't all pearls white? Was it an extremely rare species? Didn't that mean it was very valuable?

Haha! It's good that it's valuable. I was going to pick up everything here!

Da Fei started collecting pearls crazily. The giant crocodiles on the shore started eating like crazy, each taking what they needed. Time passed quickly. In the blink of an eye, the sun was up. It was noon.

The fewer shells there were in the sea, the harder it was to find them. The mountain of corpses on the shore was almost gone too. It was time to end work. Da Fei had collected 345 Blood Pearls, which was 3 units 45, which was more than enough to complete the task. Humph, it was just a gathering task. It wasn't hard.

Da Fei was satisfied. He went ashore and started to dismantle the ballista, preparing to pack up and leave. He looked back at the boat and couldn't help but feel happy. Humph! If I wanted to know what your expressions were, how dare you look down on me! I wonder what her expression would be like when I gave this pile of pearls to a beautiful woman? Marry me? Hahaha! I know you're of a high level, and I don't ask for much. Give the scrolls back to me. We can part on good terms. Why force me to stay?

Of course, to prevent the crocodile from attacking him, Da Fei kept looking at the crocodiles, who were basking in the sun.

Wait! Da Fei suddenly realized something was wrong! Was the crocodile too full? The tent was so big! How funny was this?

Da Fei immediately took out a pair of binoculars. He could see a small segment of the lizard's tail sticking out of a crocodile's mouth. The crocodile kept raising its head, trying to swallow the tail too.

Da Fei's jaw dropped. What the heck, he was so focused on collecting pearls that he didn't see them clearly. Did the crocodiles eat all of the lizards?

Crocodiles weren’t as ferocious as other animals. Their front limbs were too short to help cut through their prey. Unlike sharks who had a few rows of razor-sharp teeth, they could tear off a piece of meat with just a bite. Have you seen how crocodiles eat in animal worlds? Fling! It was like a group of crocodiles biting a captured zebra or antelope, then fighting and tearing each other until they tore off a large piece of meat, then tossing their heads and swallowing it.

But in this situation, these crocodiles didn't need to fight with the lizards, who were much smaller and larger in numbers. They just swallowed them like snakes! Under normal circumstances, snakes wouldn't be guarded if they were full.

Looking at the belly, which was as swollen as a balloon, a crazy, uncontrollable thought came to Da Fei. Try firing a shot?

That's right! Most people were like this. If you ran into a balloon with a lot of air, would you subconsciously want to see it explode? If you ran into a waitress who was holding a lot of plates and looking like she was in danger, would you subconsciously want to see the plates falling to the ground? What was this called in psychology?

Da Fei really wanted to give it a shot!

However, Da Fei's rationality and desire began to struggle! The game was a game after all, how could it use a reality template? If the alligator didn't affect him at all, wouldn't he be asking for a beating? Under normal circumstances, how much damage would hitting the alligator do?

The Master-level Ballista had 30 Attack, and basic damage was 6-7. Now that Da Fei was Level 20, he earned 19 attribute points. With the four attribute points added by the Voyager, he earned 23 points. (Note: Ballistas are not affected by skills or equipment, so the attributes of the Captain's Sword cannot affect the Ballistas.)

Total damage = Basic Damage x Hero's Strategy Attribute Points = 138-161. However, the alligator Boss had an amazing 50 Defense. The difference between the ballista's Attack and Defense was 20 points, so the damage was only 50%, which was 69-80. Was it even possible for the alligator to have 900 HP?

But since he had already completed the quest, and this Ballista had killed so many bosses, it was enough. If he wanted a fight, he'd fight. How could he know without trying?

Finally! Da Fei's speculative personality won over his rationality—fight! Instead of regretting what you did, why not regret what you didn't do! It was still like buying a lottery ticket. Even if the chances of success were low, as long as you tried, you'd have a chance. If you didn't try, you'd never succeed!

Having made up his mind, Da Fei began to excitedly load the ballista. Every time he checked the lottery number, he would feel the same excitement.

The ballista was assembled again!

Da Fei took a deep breath and loaded the two arrows. Then, he aimed at a big balloon in the distance! Would this shot witness a miracle or a fool's play?

— Boom!!! Two arrows flew out! Boom! Boom! A rain of blood erupted! "-243"! "-251!"

Success! Da Fei stood up excitedly! Attack and defense reversed. This damage was definitely from the Ballista's higher Attack and Defense than the crocodile's, at least 10 points higher! A bloated crocodile was indeed defenseless! At the same time, a row of system notifications appeared.

— System Message: You have further improved the information on Barren Island's Man-eating Crocodile!

— System Message: You received information on "Intelligence Analysis", a Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill sub-skill.

— Intelligence Analysis: After obtaining detailed information on unknown lifeforms, the hero will be able to find their fatal weakness. Ignore 25% of their Defense during battle. Learning Requirement: Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped!

Wasn't Barren Island Man-eating Crocodile's information published on the official website? It could be further improved? Information on Grandmaster-level sub-skill? Da Fei opened the information panel as fast as he could while loading bullets. Then, he realized there was an addition to the crocodile's special skill:???

He had discovered the crocodile's new unidentified skill! Needless to say, this was a negative skill, or maybe he had discovered the crocodile's weakness? F*ck, why would he need to find the weakness when he was eating so much?

What was going on with the sub-skill Intelligence Analysis? Wasn't this skill found in the skill books? As long as one reached the grandmaster level, they could learn it directly. Why bother collecting skills?

But he didn't have time to think too much. The attacked crocodile staggered toward him!

Seeing its zombie-like speed, Da Fei laughed. "Spit out everything you ate!"

…

Please read the app.