Chapter 42: Katerina'S Test Mission

Da Fei came back to his senses and quickly said, "Miss, this is something important to my teacher. It's… please, give it back to me!"

Katerina shook her head and smiled. "Scrolls with such high-end materials are very important, of course, but you'll have to think it through. I need one pearl, though. Can you help me pick them from nearby islands in two days?"

— System Message: Katerina has given you a task, "Collect 1 unit of pearls in Two Days. Do you accept?"

— Mission tips: There are pearl shells on the beach near the Barren Islands, as well as extremely dangerous crocodiles and giant crawling creatures.

What the heck! He was using Da Fei's scroll to force Da Fei to join them! But what could he do now that he was controlled? Da Fei had no choice but to accept.

Katerina took another sip of wine proudly. "Right, before we go, you can go to the equipment store on the island to repair your weapons and change your equipment. This pearl is not something ordinary people can collect. I trust you won't disappoint me by killing the Great White Shark alone?"

Da Fei said, "I don't have enough money…"

Katerina smiled faintly. "Just go to Barak's shop. He stole your great white shark. No matter what you use from him, he shouldn't have any objections. When you're done, let's go. The boat has been arranged for you at the pier. Don't disappoint me, or…"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. He nodded and said, "Understood."

• • •

After leaving the bar, Da Fei cursed the female pirate a hundred times! Yes, it was a slap in the face.

What to do? Is the scroll more important than my future? My future is uncertain, but the scroll is right in front of me!

Be a pirate! Get back the Wisdom Scroll! Lure this Legendary Hero! Then, sell the account! A dual-professional dual specialty like this, with a big ship, an Epic Hero, and a Legendary Hero's account would be worth millions, right? The big guilds wouldn't think this was a pirate account, right?

Da Fei made up his mind and logged onto the website to see the current market price.

As soon as he logged onto the forum, two big posts dazzled Da Fei's eyes!

— 'Congratulations! Blood Sea Studio joins the Dragon Slayer Guild!'

— 'Blood Sea Studio has put out a wanted list for trashy player Da Fei. Kill him every time you see him! Whoever discovers his whereabouts will be rewarded with 100 yuan.'

What the heck! This Raging Sea of Blood had a powerful background! He could work with that hemorrhoid cream!

— "The slogan of Blood Sea Studio is:" Wanted throughout the game, Level 0. Exposed equipment, skinned him, killed him until he never came online, only recognized his ID, not his target! There are rewards for reporting, rewards for killing… "

What the heck! Da Fei clicked his tongue.

If he only knew the number and not the person, would he be able to sell his account? Even if he did, other people would try to kill him for this reason. A account worth 1 million would be sold for less than tens of thousands of yuan! Or if Raging Sea of Blood sent people to pretend to be buyers and buy his account at a low price, wouldn't he be helping him out? Wouldn't he just throw back the money he got?

Pfft! You win! It's not like I haven't been wanted by the whole server to scare me to death! Fine, this will help me make up my mind. I won't sell my account anymore! I really can't bear to! What if I don't sell it? Will I really be a pirate by this female thief?

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat.

Wait! Why is she giving me a quest? Is this a challenge to hire a hero? But I didn't fulfill her prerequisites. How could she give me a follow-up quest? Does this mean she thinks I'll surrender and be a pirate? No, no, no, no, no. She's an NPC. NPCs need to be logical.

Was becoming a pirate not a prerequisite? Or was this mission not a test?

Whatever. He didn't have a choice now. He'd take it one step at a time.

• • •

Barak's shop was easy to find and big, because it was called "Barak's Shop."

Looking at the words on the shop's sign, Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. Even a bearded man could recognize words. How could Katerina not recognize words? Was she teasing him?

Da Fei entered the shop. There were all sorts of weapons, equipment, pots, pans, books, oil paintings, potted plants, statues, and furniture. The place was packed like a storage warehouse. What a big grocery store! Needless to say, he'd sell whatever he stole. But who would buy it?

A few pirate shop assistants who were playing cards in the open area looked at him fiercely. "What are you doing?"

This must be the shop assistant with the worst service attitude in the world, right? Da Fei quickly replied, "Miss Katerina asked me to buy… take… take something."

"Tch! Take it yourself." The pirates scoffed and turned back to continue playing cards.

Da Fei was stunned. That's it? Leave me alone? Let me take it myself? What the heck, Katerina's words really worked. Da Fei picked up a longsword and looked at it. He frowned!

— Sharp Forged Steel Sword: Attack + 10, Damage + 5, Attack Speed -1, Durability: 87 / 120

Holy shit! This sword + 10 Attack! Don't scare me! There's actually good stuff here. This, this, this is a free supermarket! This is obviously the best heaven in the world! Wahahaha, I can just take a few hundred of his things and sell them for a fortune!

— "Put it down if you don't need it!" One pirate warned coldly without looking back.

Um! So there were rules. Da Fei put down the sword and chuckled. "Excuse me, do you have the full set of parts for the ballista?"

The pirate said coldly, "No, the ballista is not for sale!"

What the heck! He really thought the ballista was a treasure. He didn't have a ballista, and he was counting on the ballista! He didn't even allow the ballista to be fixed. He was a poor pirate with no future!

Da Fei didn't want to give up. "What about the crossbows? We have ammunition, right?"

The pirate said impatiently, "Red chest, 100 shots at most!"

Fine. He had plenty of ammunition now. After Da Fei wrapped up the crossbow, he went around the warehouse. There were still no Pikemen weapons. As expected, no one used a Pike at sea. The other helmets, leather armor, gauntlets, belts, and leather boots all had excellent armor. His personal defense had increased by 30 points. Juan's + 3 leather armor was finally retired. Retired equipment had a market no matter how trashy it was. Rich Overlord players could buy it for their minions.

30 points of Defense was the basic defense of a Level 7 Human Soldier Angel. If his opponents were all Little Skeletons with 0 Attack, according to the Attack and Defense Calculation Method, 30 points of Attack and Defense would be just enough to reduce 60% of the damage. It felt like he was reborn. Anyway, as long as he didn't encounter a boss, he could still do something.

— "Are you done? If you are, let's go!" The pirate shop assistant started chasing him away.

F*ck, he seemed nonchalant, but he was actually very observant. He couldn't get anything more.

Da Fei reluctantly left the shop. This kind of free equipment supermarket was really fun. But this also meant something. There was no way to sell stuff stolen by pirates. Anything good could only be used as trash. This proved that there was no future as a pirate.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! This was a chance? If he got along well with pirates, he could help them sell their loot? He could use this as an excuse to make them let him go?

Whether he succeeded or not, he had to try. Before that, he had to complete the beauty's task and gain favor with her. She was a big shot, he couldn't lose her.

Da Fei arrived at the pier. There were indeed a few pirates on a small boat.

"Let's go!" The pirates didn't waste time. They propped up their sails and started to row the boat.

Haha, a few soldiers? Da Fei said happily, "Are you here to help me?"

Everyone said coldly, "Dream on. You can do it yourself."

Oh no, she was here to spy on him, afraid he'd escape.

There were many archipelagoes in the Barren Sea. After half a day of rowing, they reached their destination. The outermost archipelago was a big island with trees, Crocodile Island. Oh no, there really was a Crocodile Island. Was the fat shopkeeper joking? Then, the boat came ashore.

The pirate took out an hourglass and said coldly, "Starting now, you have two days. If you can't finish, we'll leave first!"

Da Fei was shocked. "Really?"

The pirates laughed. "Unless you want to join us, you can survive on the island!"

The pirate continued, "Where there are crocodiles, there are pearl shells. Also, the crocodiles here are very powerful, and there are a lot of ferocious beasts on the island. But for you, who hunts big sharks, it shouldn't be a problem, right?" Then, the pirates laughed and ignored Da Fei. Some ate alcohol, some slept.

Da Fei had a bad feeling. Did she think he was very capable after killing a shark boss, so she gave him a difficult task?

Soon, Da Fei's worries became reality.

In the shallows far away, there were indeed giant crocodiles flying everywhere, and all of them had names like Barren Island Man-eating Crocodiles! The monsters whose names could be seen were definitely the ones on the official website.

— Barren Island Man-eating Crocodile: Large Leader Crawling Creature, Attack: 30, Defense: 50, Damage: 85-110, Health: 900, Attack Speed: 8, Movement Speed: 14, EXP: 15000, Special Skill: Disguise, Ambush, Enrage, Crippling Bite, Plague Resistance.

The Barren Sea was a place where pirates ran rampant. Countless dead people were washed by the ocean until they were near the Barren Islands, nourishing the giant crocodiles. Their skin was as tough as armor. They were usually lazy and didn't move, but when they attacked, their strides were faster than humans could imagine. No one could escape their pursuit!

Da Fei's jaw dropped! It was a Boss, all of them Bosses! With so many Bosses together, this should be a mission scenario, right? How could Boss levels be distributed all over the place under normal circumstances? With such a high HP and amazing movement speed, this definitely wasn't something his 8 HP Ballista could handle! Even if his Ballista was at full HP, it wouldn't be enough. One unit of pearls was 100 pieces, which meant he had to harvest 100 pearls! He had to kill all the crocodiles here? Was this possible? He couldn't even kill a crocodile!

If he couldn't even deal with the ballista, why couldn't he deal with the Pikeman? Should he go into the water to steal it? What a joke. No matter how powerful Stealth was, he couldn't move the water at all? He wasn't a ghost!

He couldn't kill these crocodiles by force.

However, since it was a gathering task, killing monsters was never the key. As an expert, Da Fei began to think of all sorts of seemingly impossible gathering tasks since ancient times. He was in a dilemma…

Please read the app.