Chapter 40: Katerina, Legendary Hero?

Da Fei made up his mind. Give it to her! If he couldn't even deal with a female NPC in the game, what was the point?

Da Fei took out the extra telescope. "For you!"

It was a C-rank, but it was still a strategic treasure. If he sold it, it would be worth a thousand gold coins! Giving treasures was the ultimate skill developed by players during the open beta testing. For example, if he couldn't move the heroes of the opposing factions he met in the tavern, the treasure would be a stepping stone. Of course, it was just a stepping stone.

As expected, the girl's eyelids twitched. Was he tempted?

She took the telescope and played with it repeatedly, as if this was the first time she'd seen something like this, or as if she was a child playing with her new toy. Da Fei felt uneasy too. I can only give you this. Don't kick it like a coconut.

Finally, she showed a satisfied smile. "The workmanship is pretty good."

Da Fei breathed a sigh of relief. Isn't this obvious? This is the extra one in the captain's cabin. How could the captain's stuff be on the same level as what poor pirates used?

Da Fei said beautifully, "Only such high-end stuff is good enough for the beautiful you."

The female pirate's gaze turned cold. "Kid, do you know your current situation?"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. Oh! We're finally getting down to business. Great. There are red names all over the island now. No one wants me. I just need to find a way to survive.

Da Fei sighed. "I feel very lonely."

The female pirate snorted. "Of course. This place doesn't trust outsiders. You know what to do."

Da Fei's heart sank. Did he have to change his job to Pirate if he wanted to hire her? What the heck, wouldn't this telescope be a waste? What a waste! There was nothing he could do now. He had to give up.

Of course, he meant giving up on her! He wouldn't jeopardize his future for a female NPC. If a man lost a woman, he could find another one, but if he lost his career, he'd be done for. He was that realistic.

Da Fei sighed. "I won't be a pirate. I'm too narrow-minded and have no future."

The female pirate smiled coldly. "Then you can stay here forever. If you don't become a pirate, you won't be able to board a ship or leave the island. You won't be able to do anything." She ignored Da Fei and continued to drink by herself.

Da Fei was speechless. He was in this situation now. Even if he died, he'd revive on the island. Was he really trapped here? Should he hate Raging Sea of Blood? If he didn't make him famous, he'd have been robbed of his ship by pirates, right? At least the ship was still here. He had a chance.

But where was hope?

The melodious sound of the violin echoed in the bar. A few hired heroes also sat quietly and took a nap. Da Fei suddenly realized that the business in the bar was very light. Other than the heroes waiting to be hired, there was no gambler or drunkard. There was no business at all.

This bar was not ordinary. This heroine was not ordinary either. If she couldn't even get past the bar, she wouldn't have talked so much to him. Just like the other heroes, she'd just say, "Go away." And she was sitting in front of the bar, not at the bar like the other heroes. Da Fei frowned.

Impressive! This art thief must have something. My door hasn't been blocked yet.

Da Fei tried to talk to her again. "Beautiful lady, it's not like I have nothing to do on this island. I want to do some temporary work here. Can you put in a good word for me…" I gave you a C-rank treasure, so I could be friendlier.

As expected, the female pirate chuckled. "Sure. Let's do the dishes here. Two gold coins a day."

— System Message: You became a waiter at the Blood Moon Bar, making a daily salary of 2 gold coins.

Da Fei was shocked! Was this female pirate the boss? What the heck?! He was in a dire situation now, and she wanted to be his sugar daddy!

Dafei quickly bowed and said, "Thank you very much."

The female pirate shook her head and sneered, "dishwashing captain… ha…" Then, she tossed her hair and left the bar, disappearing.

Da Fei was shocked again! The hero left the bar? If it was a normal hero, it meant her time was up, and the system needed to refresh her. But as the boss, would she be a normal hero? Of course not, she had to be an Epic Hero!

Da Fei was stunned! If it was an Epic Hero—oh no! Don't worry about me! I'm mighty and not perverted. I won't be a pirate!

As the female pirate left, the sound of the violin stopped. The violin-playing artist put down the violin and started playing the most popular violin among pirates. Then, a few more dancers came in from the back door and started to make preparations on the dance floor.

No way. Was this a typical bar? Was the artistic style just for her?

Da Fei came back to his senses and asked the bar owner in shock, "Boss, what's the name of that lady?"

The overweight shopkeeper glared at him. "You don't deserve to know! Don't think you're on our side just because Katerina let you off. We're opening soon. Work hard. If you dare to goof off, we'll throw you into Crocodile Island!"

Katerina! This name… Oh no, there really was a Spanish Pirate Queen with red hair, Katerina, in history? Could it be her? If her game background was really set by the Queen, she'd probably be Legendary!

Players didn't need to think of Legendary Heroes. It was good that he didn't want to be a pirate anymore.

How could a water dragon be a pond animal? It could turn into a dragon whenever there was a storm! Pirates weren't a place for him to stay. When the storm arrived and everyone cowered, he would sneak onto the ship. According to the game's rules of resurrection, as long as he left the Barren Sea, even if his ship sank in the storm, he would be revived in the Guild of Light. He didn't believe he couldn't escape!

At this moment, a few pirates laughed and went inside the bar. "Boss, five bottles of rum! One big serving of grilled fish!"

The shopkeeper immediately told Da Fei, "Serve the drinks."

Dafei quickly said, "OK."

Then, the pirates came in one after another. There was a lot of noise and laughter. The artsy tavern had become a regular tavern. This tavern delayed business for half a day because of her hobbies. She really had a high status. Even if he couldn't take her away, it was necessary to maintain a good relationship. At least, if he ran into Barren Pirates in the future, he could let her go.

Anyway, now that he had a salary, he needed to make up for the drink he owed. Before he ran away, he needed to be as friendly as possible.

Speaking of which, a salary of 2 gold coins per day in the game wasn't low in the world of ordinary NPCs. 1 gold coin = 10 silver coins = 100 bronze coins. Buying some bread, some snacks, and a little wine was enough to make a living. But if he wanted to fix swords, it'd be hard. As for recruiting soldiers or horses, it'd be even harder.

In the game, cannon fodder for Level 1 Skeletal Soldiers cost 16 gold coins, while the so-called elite Level 1 Pikeman cost 50 gold coins. A Level 1 Skeleton Soldier cost 5 HP, while a Level 10 Skeleton Soldier died one after another on the battlefield with fireballs and arrows raining down on them. This wasn't a game for the rich. Fixing a ship was out of the question.

Now that the bar was full of customers and most of the food had been ordered, Da Fei felt more relaxed.

As an expert, Da Fei didn't want to stay idle. He had finally gotten close to the pirates, so he couldn't miss the chance to collect information.

Da Fei used this chance to ask the pirates, "Does anyone know the Pirate King's unique skill, Stealth Sailing?"

In an instant, the pirates in the room became quiet. They all stared at Da Fei.

Da Fei's butt clenched. Did he ask something he shouldn't have?

Suddenly, all the pirates in the room laughed out loud, as if they had heard the funniest joke.

— "Even a kid like you, who hasn't weaned yet, knows about the Pirate King's famous Stealth Sailing. How could we not know?"

Oh! The Mighty Qi Sea was so famous? Da Fei was overjoyed. "Then, how do I learn this skill?"

Tch! The pirates couldn't be bothered to argue anymore. They started drinking and eating again.

No way? Why didn't he say anything else? Right, how could these random people know the Pirate King's unique skill? And in his current state, even if they knew, they wouldn't say anything. What should I do? I'm holding a plate here, and I only have access to these random people. Should I wait for Katerina to come and ask her? That's necessary. But of course, the more information I have, the better. I have another move.

Da Fei chuckled. "But as far as I know, the Pirate King's unique skill wasn't that great. It was easily countered by the Voyager Renoir."

In an instant, all the pirates in the room looked at him. Hehe! The goading worked. Let's see who's not happy. I'll argue with you! The more we argue, the clearer it is.

As expected, the pirate next to Da Fei spoke with a dark expression. "Where did you hear this?"

Wahaha! He's not calm anymore, is he? Well, Renoir died on the return trip, and this was only recorded in the navigator's journal. Markal was probably the only person who knew. Most people probably didn't know much. How should he answer?

At this moment, the fat shopkeeper shouted, "This is a bar! Eat! Drink!" He pointed at Da Fei. "You! Go to the kitchen!"

In an instant, the room was filled with pirates eating, drinking, and practicing. It was as if nothing had happened.

Seeing everyone's secretive expressions, Da Fei was even more surprised. Could it be that other people only needed to know how powerful the Pirate King's unique skill was, but not how to learn it, much less how to crack it?

In short, the first day as a waiter in the game was over.

Please read the app.