Chapter 46: I'M A Grandmaster

Ballistas boomed. The beach was dyed red with blood, and the sea was filled with blood. The giant crocodile's bloated corpse became meat buns.

Golden light flashed. Level 22!

Another golden light flashed. Level 23!

The golden light continued to flash. Level 24!!

After killing a Boss with two shots, Da Fei's level skyrocketed! The once-daunting Boss became a huge amount of experience for Da Fei after the last breakfast. No, it was a step toward truth! What kind of crazy grinding was this? Da Fei already thought it was an incredible reward when he encountered a shark at sea, giving him 2,500 experience per shot. But compared to the crocodile with 15,000 experience, it was nothing.

Why am I so awesome?

Wahahaha, Da Fei's laughter echoed over the island.

What Da Fei didn't know was that his rocket upgrade had alarmed the professional observers in the China server! In just two hours, Da Fei's ranking went from 10 million to the top 10 thousand in the world! And his ranking was increasing!

After all, a player like Da Fei, who stole a Godly Hero mission reward and was wanted by the entire server by the Godly Hero Raging Sea of Blood, was a well-known gossipmonger. It was hard not to be followed.

Host: "Hello, everyone! We meet again on this issue of the Hero News. The game has been playing for six days. Let's look at the world rankings."

"First place is still the hero of the French player, Natasha's Vampire Princess, Lv 29!"

"The second and third place players are still the players of the Chinese Star Teams, Pigwidgeon Run, who specializes in griffin-playing, as well as the Siege Technician Heroes of the Russian Battle Angel, Baplov, who is at Lv 28! The three of them have been in the top three for six days now. Their strengths are hard to shake by other players. Other than the fact that they entered the game as soon as the game opened, it has to do with their powerful innate talent, which is suitable for early games, as well as their hard work of leveling up. Of course, we don't recommend ordinary players learning from them…"

"As for the world's number one Godly Hero, the Swedish Player Veteran's Liege of Death is still dormant. Currently at level 21, it's outside the top 10 million. But according to the information gathered on the European Union District Forum, Veteran seemed to have discovered the existence of the bone dragon in the wild. If he really incorporated the bone dragon, players at the current stage of the game would definitely not be able to obtain a level 7 weapon. His leveling speed would skyrocket."

"Speaking of leveling speed, what's worth noticing is that there's already a player in the China server. In the past two hours, which is one day in the game, his level has skyrocketed. He's now level 24. He's the popular red-named player on the forum, Da Fei. This is really, really surprising. What's even more surprising is that he's already level 24 and still hasn't changed classes. In short, we'll keep an eye on his progress!"

"Based on the current ranking of the top 100, heroes who level up quickly are mostly mid to low-level military types. Comparatively, the 'Unicorn Girl' talent of the American Supernova Team, contestant Elisa, is very awkward. After all, it's impossible for early players to get a level 5 unit like the Unicorn, so her current situation is equivalent to having no talent, and her ranking is not much higher than ordinary players."

"So far, the magic hero players are still at a disadvantage in the early stages. The consumption of mana, the recovery rate of mana based on the game's days, the expensive and limited supply of mana potions have all severely limited the early stages of development for the magic hero players. However, the strength of the magic hero players in the later stages is undeniable. This is for the players who majored in the magic hero to be confident. The road ahead is full of twists and turns—"

At this moment, a staff member handed a note to the host. The host stopped talking! After a brief silence, the host said in shock, "Hello, players. Latest news. Player Da Fei of the China server, whom we keep an eye on, just leveled up to Level 25! Before this episode started, the latest news I got is Level 24. He leveled up again in less than 10 minutes!"

Needless to say, a new round of excitement started on the China server's game forum. If Da Fei became famous because of his bad behavior, he was now a Godly Hero, Raging Sea of Blood. Now, he was really powerful! Many annoying players on the forum were guessing how this popular name could level up so crazily without changing classes.

After hearing the news, Raging Sea of Blood was so angry that his heart was bleeding! No matter how this trash leveled up, his achievements were earned by stealing the rewards from his Godly Hero! There was only one reason why he didn't change jobs, and that was that he hadn't reached the bank yet. This grudge was irreconcilable! No matter how much money was spent, as long as the trash dared to show up, he'd kill them!

On Barren Sea Crocodile Island, as another giant crocodile died, a golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 25! You have received 1 Free Attribute point, 1 Skill Point, Health + 2, Command Power + 1, basic damage reward + 1.

— System Message: As a beginner Navigator, you have grown. You are rewarded with 1 Free Attribute Point.

He leveled up again! What made Da Fei even more excited was that the truth he had been looking forward to for a long time had finally arrived!

— System Message: You have collected information on Barren Island Man-eating Crocodile!

— Gluttony Weakness: Crawling creatures often couldn't choose the size of their food, they could only eat it raw, which greatly reduced their defense speed by 45% to 75%.

The data showed that the information was complete!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have improved your Reconnaissance Skill by collecting intel on powerful creatures. You have learned the Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill!

— System Message: You have collected information on powerful creatures and researched their weaknesses. You have obtained all the information on the "Intelligence Analysis" skill. You have learned the "Intelligence Analysis" skill.

— Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill: Increases the hero's field of vision by 120%, detecting creatures hiding in other planes.

Wahahaha! I got it. I really got the Grandmaster-level skill! I even learned the sub-skill! Intelligence Analysis, a godly skill that ignored 25% - 100% of the enemy's Defense. It's the only powerful combat skill in the Reconnaissance Skill. With this godly skill, my Ballista could kill any monster! I don't need to explain my life anymore. Haha, Wahaha!

While unexpected gains often made people overjoyed, obtaining imaginary gains through his own thinking was even more satisfying! What made Da Fei happy was that the Grandmaster-level skills and intelligence analysis skills were given by the system for free, and he didn't waste any skill points.

So that was how it was! Comprehending didn't require skill points, which was equivalent to the system's direct reward, while learning required skill points, which was totally different. Comprehension was really important in a situation where leveling up was hard and skills were severely limited.

After this successful enlightenment, Da Fei had a rough idea of how to become a Grandmaster. First, he had to face monsters much stronger than him. Then, these monsters had to be of the same species. Only by repeatedly playing with the same species could he accumulate a lot of comparable data and gain enlightenment.

Based on this, if he wanted to upgrade his Attack Skill to the Grandmaster level, the most reliable way would be to keep staring at the same type of monster? Then again, was his Ballista at the Master-level? Was it already attacking the powerful alligator Boss? Why wasn't there any hint of understanding? Was he using all of his brain power to think of the Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill? Did he not have time to control the Ballista?

Haha! Don't panic. If he had already mastered the first Grandmaster, would the second Grandmaster be far away? No, no, no. Juan had said in his diary that he was already a Grandmaster. Would God-level be far away? He was a God now. Even if he couldn't make a living anymore, he could refuse to be bullied.

Yes, from now on, he was a grandmaster!

(Looking for all kinds of votes)

Please read the app.