Chapter 47: Barren Pirates' Appreciation Reputation

It was late at night in the game. The stars were sparse and the moon was bright. The night wind smelled awful. There were few crocodiles left on the beach. When another crocodile fell,

— System Message: Congratulations! You have completed "Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row." You have achieved your personal glory, showing your unparalleled courage. Your subordinates will be filled with fighting spirit and courage because of you. You have received 20 Health Points, + 1 Personal Base Damage, + 2 Strategy, + 10 Command Power, + 1 Morale.

At this moment, Da Fei, a grandmaster, nodded with poise. "Not bad, not bad! What's supposed to come will come."

While the Army's HP + 2 effect wasn't obvious, and it was better than nothing against high-level soldiers, when combined with the Defense Skill sub-skill, "Infinite Vitality," the Army + 2 HP was terrifying. It was like increasing the health of the pikemen and archers by half, doubling the health of the skeletons with 5 HP, which was a huge improvement for low-level soldiers. It was a god-level leap for low-level soldiers! Players really deserved to fight 100 bosses alone. In front of such godly rewards, morale + 1 was a waste.

Sigh, this is my crazy life. Even in dire straits, I can create a paradise!

Hm, can I laugh at the sky? No, no! Image, image, I'm a grandmaster now. I have to be calm about this. Haha, wahahaha!

Da Fei's attributes were as follows:

Level: 25

Talent: Storm Voyager

Class: Pikeman, Beginner Voyager, Train the Newcomer

Reputation: -3,120 (Notoriously, with your current reputation, you won't be able to receive missions from NPCs, and some NPCs will be hostile to you, as well as like you.)

Attack: 19 (Lv 19, 18 Attack Points, Lv 1 on the Coast of the Captain's Sword), 5 Free Attribute Points from part-time Voyager, and 6 Attribute Points from Lv 19 to Lv 25, a total of 11 points were not allocated due to the Ballista's power.

Defense: 31 (Pirate Shop received a full set of personal equipment, + 30 Defense, + 1 Strategy Defense on the shore of Captain's Sword)

Mana: 0

Knowledge: 0

Basic Damage: 11-13 (Born 1-3, Sea Anemone Enchantment + 1, Lonely Hero Achievement + 1, Lonely Hero 10 Victories in a Row + 1, Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row + 1, Lv 5 System Damage Rewards, Lv 25 + 5, Captain's Sword on the Coast + 1. Captain's Sword + 1 Damage on the Shore Effects the Army)

Health: 105 (Born 10, every level increase + 2, Lonely Hero Achievement + 10, Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins + 15, Lonely Hero 100 Straight Wins + 20, Army Health + 2)

Attack Speed: Normal 11 (Captain's Sword onshore + 1)

Movement Speed: 10

Morale: 3 (Heroes were born + 1, Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row + 1, Elementary Leadership Skill + 1)

Luck: 1 (Basic Luck Skill + 1)

Command Power: 48 (Upgrade + 24, Achievement in the 1st Battle, + 10, Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row, + 10, Total: 44, Addition to Elementary Leadership, a total of 48)

Stamina: 100

Learning Skills: Master-level Study of the War Machines (sub-skill Ballista Master); Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill (sub-skill situation gathering, stealth, intelligence analysis); Elementary Luck Skill, Elementary Leading Skill, Elementary Attack Skill, Elementary Defense Skill, Elementary Archery Skill, Elementary Logistics Skill.

He used a total of 19 Skill Points, so there were five Skill Points left.

Da Fei happily packed up the ballista and walked toward the bonfire on the beach. What would they think if they knew he killed all the crocodiles? Wahahaha, I'm looking forward to it.

On the beach where the boats were moored, the pirates were sitting around a bonfire, drinking and practicing all night while roasting fish. These days were really enjoyable.

Seeing Da Fei return, the pirates were surprised. "Done? So fast?"

Da Fei patted the resource bag on his body and smiled. "It's just that I killed so many crocodiles. It'd be a pity to waste those skins. I'll give them to you."

The pirates were shocked. The leader of the pirates stood up. "You guys stay, I'll go take a look!" Then, he disappeared into the night as a gust of wind. His skills definitely exceeded the movement speed of ordinary soldiers, right? It had to be said that there were many hidden talents among the pirates, they were not to be underestimated. But if the situation was low, it was low. They would not join you. If you have any tricks up your sleeve, use them. I was worried about a Grandmaster-level player not having enough fun and wanted to test the power of intelligence analysis. Haha, wahahaha!

While the pirates were whispering to each other, the pirate shouted and ran back. He said incredulously, "They're all dead! They really are all dead! The beach is filled with crocodile bodies!"

The pirates were in an uproar. They looked at Da Fei as if he was a monster.

If I had that expression! Da Fei smiled faintly. "I killed the Great White Shark on my own, after all. Killing a few more crocodiles is not a big deal."

The leader took out a flare gun. With a bang, a bright tracer flew into the night sky and exploded.

Although he didn't know what they were doing, he knew it wouldn't hurt him. Da Fei didn't ask too much. He sat by the fire and ate and drank the wine he earned from his job. Of course, as a grandmaster, he had to be magnanimous. Da Fei gave them more wine. "Come, let's drink together."

The pirates nodded. "Yes! Everyone, keep drinking, haha!"

Only now did Da Fei feel that he had more or less earned the respect of the pirates. Being respected by the enemy felt really good, haha.

When the sky began to lighten, five or six medium-sized pirate ships appeared on the surface of the sea. The pirates' mobility and reaction time were indeed fast.

The leader of the pirates said in a low voice, "I think the boss is here."

Da Fei was surprised. "Captain Locke?"

The pirate snorted. "Kid, Captain Locke promoted you personally. Don't be rude."

Da Fei shook his head and didn't say anything. How could a swallow know the ambition of a swan?

As they got closer, the pirate ship broke down near the shore. A large group of pirates jumped into the water. Loke and the tall figure of Barak could be seen clearly in the crowd. The Night Vision of Reconnaissance Skill worked.

"Kid, not bad!" In the dark, Da Fei met his gaze from afar. Needless to say, Loke's Reconnaissance Skill was on par with his.

"It's okay." With just a few words, Loke and Barak rushed toward the bonfire. The other pirates ran toward Crocodile Beach.

Loke laughed. "Kid, I admire you more. I didn't think a small harvesting task like Katerina would cause you so much trouble. This way, we can develop the Blood Pearl Island. We'll have a specialty income too. How about it? Work with us? You'll have shares in the Blood Pearl Island too."

— System Message: You helped Barren Pirates develop expensive products. Your reputation among Barren Pirates is now appreciated!

— Novice Guide: If you gain more reputation in a certain faction, you can receive missions from that faction, buy their unique products, and receive various discounts.

Da Fei frowned. Admire? Reputation could be earned from enemies? Hm, it didn't matter. It wasn't a bad thing to gain Reputation.

Da Fei didn't answer. He just asked, "What's your relationship with Katerina?"

Loke laughed. "My daughter is a good girl! As long as you join us, anything can happen between you and her!"

'Ah! It's a good thing I'm not your concubine. I feel better now. Too bad…'

Da Fei shook his head and sighed. "I won't join you. But I have a suggestion. I realized it's not convenient to sell your stuff, so I wanted to help you sell it. I need to protect my legal status in the Hero Continent. What do you think?"

Loke's expression darkened.

Barak was angry. "Kid! You think too highly of yourself! All you see are trash that we don't like and throw around. We have ways to get good stuff."

Loke laughed. "It's okay. You can look for me anytime when you've thought it through."

He waved his hand, and the pirate understood. He pushed Da Fei onto the boat. "Let's go."

Along the way, the pirates just kept quiet. No one spoke to Da Fei.

Da Fei knew he had offended the NPC quite a bit. He had repeatedly refused the NPC's appreciation, so it was obvious he was looking down on the NPC. If he was in the NPC's shoes, he would have killed the NPC with a brick. As a pirate, he had an extraordinary demeanor. Of course, this was a game after all. He couldn't force players to change their jobs.

Anyway, Da Fei returned to the bar.

Katerina sat in front of the bar flirtatiously. Hey, pretty girl, if you were a real woman, I'd probably be a pirate for you. Too bad, I'm just that realistic.

Katerina twirled her hair and raised her glass with a smile. "Cheers to the warrior's victory."

Hehe, it was different with more Reputation. The pretty girls were laughing so hard. Da Fei handed over all the Blood Pearls in the resource bag. "I've completed the Miss' mission. I have more gifts for you."

Katerina took the bag and chuckled. "Thank you!"

— System Message: You have completed the task "Collecting Pearls," receiving 50 thousand experience and 500 gold coins. Your affinity with Katerina has increased.

What the heck! 500 gold coins! I finally have money!

Katerina sighed. "You always said that pirates were too narrow-minded to join pirates. How big is the outside world?"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! This was promising! He had to confess now, or he'd be too thick-skinned!

Da Fei quickly said, "It's very, very big. Especially the new world created by the gods. It's the place of my dreams. I, of course, want to realize my dreams with the woman I love."

Katerina finished the wine in her glass and sighed. "There will be a storm in three days. Everyone has to be on guard. You don't have to worry about the bar anymore. You should rest for a few days." Then, she left.

Da Fei was shocked! Tempest! Resting for a few days? Was she hinting at me? Did she know the Tempest was my only chance to escape? Was she giving me an easy time? Hey, hey, don't go. If the favorability is increased, I should return the scroll, right? You can't cheat me!

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.