Chapter 51: The Beginning Of The Merchant Sea

Rich people only drove luxury yachts, which were filled with girls in bikinis, then sprayed champagne on them, then, ahahaha—tacky!

The rich guy in my heart should be like me right now, sitting on the deck with my arms around my sexy and hot darling, fishing and barbecuing while drinking rum, enjoying the sea breeze, watching the stars, listening to the waves, singing the songs of love in my heart! Talking about the future of love! The world between the sky and the sea is our artistic world!

— 'Let's paddle, the boat will push the waves…' This was a pirate, he had no future.

— "Chasing the power of thunder and lightning… even the smallest sail can fly!" This was courting death!

— "I'll see you in my dreams at night…" This was Titanic, perfect for the occasion! Wahahaha!

After the storm last night, the ship's durability limit was less than 1000. There were cracks everywhere, so it wasn't far from Titanic. The storm could destroy the ship easily, but some repair would restore its durability. But if the ship's durability limit dropped easily, it meant the ship was too old, too old. The system wasn't so generous.

Facing the topic of the future, Da Fei sighed as he held the baby in his arms. "It's okay. This ship can still be used for a while. We can make a lot of money during this time and buy a new ship. Then, we can renovate the new ship into a luxurious palace, build a dozen Ballistas, and arm the ship as a fortress. Then, we can go to the New World and live the happiest life of an ocean emperor."

Katerina sighed. "This is such a pity. Even without maintenance all year round, this ship is still the best I have ever seen. In the words of the Kingdom, this is probably a special ship. Normal shipyards don't manufacture it."

Da Fei was stunned. "Special ship?"

Katerina nodded. "Yes. The wood used in this ship is very rare and unique. The size and shape of the ship are all closely related to the quality of the materials. The material of this ship is solid and resilient. Only with hardness can it support such a large ship with the pushing force of the waves and the wind. Only with resilience can it support such a long and streamlined high-speed ship. We only have two people now, so we can't fully utilize its performance. The ship is too old to perform, but with the best sailors, we can imagine how fast it was back then!"

So there were so many things to build a ship in the game? Da Fei sighed. "After all, this was a ship that once had a major historical mission. It's definitely better than ordinary ships—" Then, he said excitedly, "It's okay. We just have to work hard to make money. As long as we have more money, we can always find new ships with similar functions."

Katerina smiled coquettishly. "It's not easy to get these materials, but I'm sure the captain has a way."

Da Fei stroked her smooth shoulders and chuckled. "Of course, nothing is hard for me!"

That being said, Da Fei complained in his heart. The personality of a hero was actually very important! His baby was so passionate that he could fool her until she only had her underwear left, then he could hug her whenever he wanted. It was a blessing for players! But she was just a money-grubbing girl! He was a professional gamer, he earned money to buy cars and houses, not these unreliable special ships!

But what kind of person was he? An expert! A grandmaster! A godly hero with two special skills and two professions! He only had a lousy boat and had no money. He wanted his future! Was there such a good golden girl in real life? Conquering a golden girl was the symbol of a successful man! If he couldn't do anything in real life, how could he do anything in the game?

In short, the white "Tomorrow Calls Me," the beautiful angel opened her heart to him!

Chesty! Looking at his beloved in his arms, surrounded by her undergarments, Da Fei hated her! What was undergarments? The Realm of God in the game! An absolute fortress that couldn't be breached no matter how thin it was!

The first rays of the morning sun painted the sky red. A new day had begun. The fresh sea breeze rustled the sails, and gulls circled around SV Fly, chirping. The presence of seabirds meant they were reaching land.

Katerina took out a nautical chart. "Captain, we're near the sea in the Elven Kingdom of Faroland. The nearest port is Eloreen. The first thing you need to do when you get ashore is to apply for a sailing business certificate at the Union Sea Merchant Group. Only after doing this can you make a deal with us. The initial business certificate is only level 1, and the exchange only sells five units of low-quality goods to us every day. Only by doing more business and getting good credit can you upgrade your business certificate and buy more high-end goods. This way, you won't be able to utilize the transportation capacity of a large ship like us. So, we should take the merchant group's transportation missions. The more transport missions, the more credit we get, and the faster we can upgrade our business certificates. Of course, this kind of mission requires payment of the same value as the goods, so we want to make money now."

Da Fei laughed. "Baby, I didn't know you knew so much."

Katerina smiled. "As a pirate, you have to understand businessmen's habits. Find out their market prices, then ambush them at their most likely location."

Da Fei laughed. "Pirates are really skillful!"

In fact, while what Katerina said made sense, players had their own way of playing. The exchange limited players to only make one transaction a day, right? Then, they could purchase goods from other players at a high price.

Normal players with level 1 business certificates could only buy 10 orders of goods a day. With 1000 orders of transportation, he could just set up a stall at the entrance of the stock market and charge 100 players' purchase orders at a high price. As for the high price? Just a little higher than their purchase price. During the Open Beta, many players were lazy to go out to sea and just stayed in the city to do business.

In the game, business trading was a very important selling point. It was related to whether a Lord could grow. Therefore, there were skills like Accounting, Pricing, etc.

— Accounting Skill: The territory's monthly income increases by up to 3%, and every upgrade in skill increases by 3%.

The sub-skills were "Farm Development," "Mine Development," "Fruit Land Development," "Fishery Development," "Market Development," etc. The sub-skills would increase the income and production of the facilities.

— Bargaining Skill: Bargaining can reduce prices by up to 5%, and sell goods at up to 5% more. Effects increase by 5%.

The next sub-skills included "Food," "Textile," "Lustrous Goods," "Valuable Metals," "Luxury Goods," etc. The effect was, of course, being able to buy more of these items from exchanges at a cheaper price. There was also the grandmaster-level Pricing Skill, "Bribe," which would shock the business world during the open beta testing.

— Bribe: You can give a sum of money to bribe a trader at the exchange, making him sell more goods to you.

The Overlord class also had recruitment skills that increased the output of soldiers, city building skills that increased the durability of buildings, and building speed. In short, the Overlord skills were quite annoying. Basically, after learning these skills, he didn't have many skill points to fight anymore. Of course, as a Overlord, he only played as a sub-hero. He just needed to do it himself. For Da Fei, in the face of the great profit brought by the ship's large shipping volume, the Pricing Skill was useless.

Now, Da Fei could see the land near the sea, as well as the white sails in the distance. Those white sails were obviously players who drove small boats near the sea. Nowadays, players could only afford the kind of single-masted boats that could only transport 10 units of goods at a time, trading between two ports.

Hey, I wonder what they would think of my thousand-plus ships? Land, I'm finally back! This is where I start my business as a sea merchant! Wahahaha!

At this time, on the surface of the sea, a fleet of 20 small sailing ships was cruising quickly. The approach of a big ship like SV Fly naturally attracted their attention.

"Cannon Bro, look, that ship looks like it's owned by a player!"

A Dwarf player named Earthshaking Cannon immediately took out a telescope to look. On the top of the ship were the words "SV Fly (Da Fei)"!

Earthshaking Cannon was shocked. "The wanted player, Da Fei!"

For a moment, all the players on the fleet were shocked! But everyone quickly recovered. "There's only one Da Fei! And he's a famous player. If we kill him, all of his equipment and certificates will be lost!"

Earthshaking Cannon made a prompt decision. "Contact Blood Sea Studio. Let's record this as evidence. Get ready!"

Everyone cheered!

(Requesting various votes)

C

"Yes."