Chapter 59: Searching For Serbia

Da Fei asked, "How do I get to the Earth Sea? I can drive there?"

The elder smiled and said, "Yes, we need to launch a large-scale spell to transport your entire ship to the Earth Sea. We need to prepare, and it's not just me. I'll report to the capital of the kingdom right away. The kingdom will send a team of mages here in about 10 days. Then, the teleportation will begin."

The mayor said excitedly, "That's right. So, if you need anything, you can do it right away. We'll fix the ships, prepare the supplies, and prepare the army. Don't worry, we'll take care of it. This expedition will definitely support the chosen hero! Once you complete the mission, you'll not only be our hero, you'll be the hero of Elven Kingdom!"

What the f*ck! The system is sending soldiers and supplies before the mission even started? Is the system really that generous? If it fails, I'll make up for it with my people.

Da Fei was surprised. "I need 10, 15 more ballistae, and a proficient gunner. You're giving all of these to me?"

The mayor laughed and said, "Of course, we can even prepare the necessary magic sails for the ship without wind. The problem now is not how much we allocate to you, but how much you can take with you. I suggest you hire two hero aides to accompany you. Otherwise, with your current leadership, you won't be able to take away many troops."

The Great Elder happily replied, "We don't have much time. I'll head to the capital city right away. Mr. Mayor and my young friend, please make preparations."

The mayor quickly said, "Take care, Elder! I'll get ready now! Then, Mr. Da Fei, excuse me! Right, if there's anything you don't understand, you can ask me!"

Da Fei nodded. "OK, OK."

What the heck! This Epic Mission was more impressive, more epic, more like an expedition! Unlike that damned Hu An, who wrote his last words as an Epic Mission? Recruiting a sub-hero, right? He had already recruited one Katerina with his Level 25 and 3 Tactical Position. He could recruit two more, but his and Katerina's Command Power was really low.

Especially since they were both Epic Heroes, Katerina only had 36 points of Command, which was worlds apart from the number one Epic Hero, Instant Fanghua, who had 1000 points of Command Power. It couldn't be helped. Her sub-hero was an official! Did she know what an official was? But it was precisely because she was an official that the kingdom controlled her and forbade her from running around. Otherwise, if she brought 1000 archers with her, she'd be a force to be reckoned with.

He just didn't know what kind of Serbia the 15-year-old Hu An was. Right, he could go back to the human kingdom and change to Knight. Knight was a class with every skill level, "Reduce overall damage by 5%, increase Hero's Command Power by 5%," so humans had the advantage of having more durable fighters.

Da Fei left the City Hall. As soon as he left, he was surrounded by players.

"Isn't he respected in this city? Why does he have a yellow name?"

"Respect in this city is not the same as respect in the alliance."

"How is this fair? He must have stolen something to earn fake respect!"

Hah! This idiot was right. Yes, my respect is fake, but it's better than you commoners! You're not happy, right? This is a disease, it needs to be cured! Wahahaha!

The so-called fake respect was fake reputation. Reputation was also divided into real and fake.

For example, lower-level students had to respect their leader, so we all respected him. When we saw him, we all greeted him. But students, if you asked yourself, how many of you really respected him? If he ended class, how many people would respect him?

So, this was fake respect, or maybe it was official respect. Just now, when the mayor gave Da Fei the title of "Honorary Citizen," it became fake respect. If no one in the city knew him, how could he receive real respect?

The so-called true respect was taking on missions all over the city. If you need help, just call me Red Scarf. When that happened, the accumulated reputation would be real.

The authenticity of Reputation Points would affect the type of hidden quest a player could receive. The same process, the same Reputation Points, the same NPC, some players could receive quests, but other players couldn't. Therefore, it was hard to find a fixed task guide in this game. However, either way, one needed to have a high Reputation Points to receive high-end quests. For example, the Epic quest Da Fei received now.

Come to think of it, Da Fei earned a "Appreciation" reputation from the Barren Pirates. This reputation was undoubtedly real, it was admiration from the bottom of his heart. Even if the pirates still didn't treat Da Fei well, gaining the enemy's appreciation was the hardest thing.

Da Fei brought Katerina to the city's teleportation circle. The teleportation circle could only transport heroes and sub-heroes. None of his subordinates could teleport. The cost of teleportation was a hero's level multiplied by 10.

— System Message: You used 550 gold coins to teleport two Heroes. Are you sure you want to teleport?

550 gold coins. One round trip cost 1000 yuan. This wasn't something new players could afford.

The scene changed. Da Fei appeared at St. Paul's Port. This was where St. Anthony left in the journal.

Da Fei looked through the diary again and found the page. According to the diary, the girl was sent to the monastery for foster care. She seemed to have the habit of watching the sea and waiting for her father to come back. However, that was when she was 10 years old. Now that the St. Anthony incident was public, would she continue watching the sea?

Whatever. He'd look for her at the pier first.

St. Anthony's Port was the biggest port in the Kingdom of Lionheart. It was bustling with people, and the city was so prosperous that it couldn't be compared to Eloreen City. This was normal. The population of the Elven Kingdom couldn't be compared to the population of humans. They were on a completely different level.

Needless to say, Da Fei's sudden appearance with the beautiful sub-hero name of Da Fei attracted a lot of attention. There were many new players among them.

"Bro, give me some money. I'm new!"

"I'm a newbie too! Go away!"

Clearly, the players in this city were more normal. They were just watching and begging, not as serious as the ones in Erolyn City. After all, if he flipped over dozens of rich players, they'd lose money. Who knew how many ordinary businessmen would feel less pressured to shop? They really wanted to thank him.

As he walked, he was followed by annoying players. When he got to the pier, he didn't see anything like a nun or a priest.

Da Fei asked a drunk elderly sailor at the pier, "Is there a 15-year-old nun named Serbia here?"

The old man laughed. "A nun is not a prostitute. Why would she come here?"

Whatever, it was better to go to the tavern to find out more about people. The number of taverns in St. Paul, the largest seaport for humans, was definitely no less than that on Pirate Island.

Da Fei went into the nearest tavern. There were a lot of players inside. Needless to say, this was the legendary "Headhunter." Of course, Headhunters didn't kill people. They looked for talented Heroes in the tavern and sold information. After all, the players didn't know the attributes of the Heroes who waited to be hired at the tavern. They would only let the players see their attributes when the favorability of the two parties increased. This was very troublesome, so there were professional players in this field.

The moment Da Fei, a big-name guy with a beauty sub-hero, entered the bar, the head-hunting players exclaimed. When the players saw it was the legendary Da Fei, they were even more shocked.

Sigh, men's so-called sense of achievement was really just showing off their fame and beauty.

Da Fei sat down at the bar and ordered the most expensive drink for his darling. Then, he asked, "Boss, have you seen a 15-year-old nun named Serbia? She came here often five years ago."

The owner laughed. "Sir, don't you know that nuns have the strictest rules? You can't even go out, much less come to messy places like this."

Dafei said in shock, "You've never seen it before?"

The owner shook his head. "Seeing nuns is supposed to be the Notre Dame monastery in the suburbs, but it's not just anyone, especially men."

No way? There was such a limitation? If Serbia was really a hero, then this limitation was obviously a problem created by the system.

At this moment, a few head-hunting players laughed. "You must be the legendary Brother Fei. We found a few good heroes. Are you interested?"

What the heck! How could a good hero compare to a pretty little nun hero that most people didn't see at the cloister? I wasn't sure if she was a hero though. Maybe she was just an ordinary NPC? It didn't matter. Let's see what a good hero is.

Da Fei asked, "Is it very efficient?"

One of the players immediately said, "Boss, just come and take a look."

Fine, this was the rule of headhunters. Business secrets? Tch.

Da Fei followed him to a table. He met the gaze of this tall, burly hero with a beard and a scar on his face. What the heck! Can I use this kind of person?

Katerina couldn't help but exclaim, "Wow!"

— Pfft! Did you see your dad? Da Fei turned and left without saying anything.

The head-hunting player was shocked. "Boss?"

Unexpectedly, the hero leaped toward Da Fei and hugged his thigh. "Rich guy! Let's be friends!"

Da Fei felt goosebumps all over his body. He kicked him. "Go away!"

Everyone was shocked! It was the first time they'd seen a hero so eager to join a player! Was this the legendary Brother Fei?

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.