Chapter 55: Deceiving The Entire Server

Seagulls flew in the blue sky. Water rippled on the blue sea. The towering, dilapidated SV Fly was quiet and busy.

Specks of white sails gathered around SV Fly. After all, there were very few organized fleets like the Earth-Shaking Cannon, and most players were lazy individuals. Individuals were the best.

Sword from the West yelled from under the boat, "Newcomer, line up! Help Brother Fei move the goods onto the boat!"

What was a flock effect, a crowd effect? This was it! When Sword from the West, who had other plans, obediently helped transport the goods, the second boat arrived with a murderous look. Seeing this, he was stunned.

If he could fool the first one, how could he fool the second one? Da Fei stood on the high deck and shouted, "Newcomer, hand over the goods!"

The newcomer was obviously unhappy. "Why?"

Are you here to mess with him? Da Fei said coldly, "If he can get 10 thousand, you can't even get 5000!"

Sword from the West immediately chimed in, "Bro, we're here to give up our lives anyway. We can't keep the goods anymore. Just treat it as a favor for Brother Fei. We're businessmen for a benefit, right? There's no need to offend Brother Fei."

Da Fei patted his head on the boat and chuckled. "You're right. You won't be able to keep the soldiers after you leave. You should give them to me too."

Sword from the West chuckled. "No problem!" But he was sneering inside. When you make a move, I'll instakill you.

The new guy thought it made sense. With the big boss reimbursing him, he'd be making money. There was no need to offend the red-named guy. So, he joined the movers.

With the second one, the third one was easier. "What are you doing?"

The two of them said, "Come help us. Give away all the soldiers and goods we don't need."

"Did the boss arrange this?"

Da Fei snorted. "Do I look like the boss?"

Sword from the West continued to help. "Brother Fei is busy. Get to work."

"Oh." It didn't matter. As long as the big boss gave the money.

There was a fourth person. "What is this?"

Everyone said, "Don't ask so much. Hurry up and finish moving."

"Oh…"

With the fifth and sixth players, there was now a busy construction site. Brother Fei's army of sailors snowballed into dozens of people. With such a large army and such an orderly scene, these independent players seemed to have forgotten why they came.

Do you know what you're doing? I don't know what you're doing either.

This was the sheep-herding effect. People were already led by the nose. This was the similarity between humans and sheep. People subconsciously obeyed the masses. If so many people were doing this, he could do it himself. Da Fei had done multi-level marketing before, so he knew this.

But what should he do next? Looking at the approaching boats, Da Fei's gaze was deep and distant.

• • •

— "Hello, everyone. We have the Hero News again. We received a live-stream from enthusiastic players in the game. The highly-anticipated Da Fei finally appeared in front of everyone. He appeared near the Elven Kingdom's Port of Erolyn. This should be the first time he came ashore after he left the Newcomer's Trial Island and floated on the sea for a few days. Just half an hour ago, Da Fei killed 20 Merchant players who responded to Raging Sea of Blood's wanted posters, showing off his amazing combat power. Now, Da Fei has reached an agreement with the Merchants. The Merchants don't want to offend either side. In the words of the players, they want to give up their heads to continue responding to Raging Sea of Blood's wanted posters. Then, they will compensate Da Fei for his loss of Reputation Points. It's very busy."

— "Now, we're playing a video sent by another group of players. This video clearly captured the entirety of Da Fei's SV Fly. Let's connect to Dragon Slayer Guild's Dragon Tooth, a well-known Chinese competition player, Mr. Chang Liang, for a phone interview."

The host: "Hello, Mr. Chang Liang?"

An excited voice came from the other end of the line. "Hello, host! Hello, everyone. I'm Chang Liang, Dragon Fang from the biggest Chinese guild, Dragon Slayer Guild. It's nice to meet you… um, on the phone."

The host smiled. "I heard the newly established Raging Sea of Blood Studio has joined the Dragon Slaying Guild. What the players are more concerned about is how the Dragon Slaying Guild will treat this Da Fei."

Chang Liang smiled. "That's a personal grudge between Raging Sea of Blood and the players. It doesn't represent the Dragon Slaying Guild's stance. Our goal is to make everyone have fun."

Host: "Now that Player Da Fei is back in such a big ship, I'm sure everyone here knows how big the ship is. How would such a large ship affect the current players?"

Chang Liang sighed. "Personally, I think it's cheating. I'm sure all the business players here have the same idea. But from the video, this ship is full of cracks and patches, and the wood in the cracks is already rotten. This ship probably won't last long. Maybe it's a one-time item rewarded by the system. Hopefully."

The host smiled. "There are almost 100 merchant ships at the scene now. According to the number of players at the scene, there are 60 players above level 10, 30 players around level 20. If we kill all of them, how much gold do we need to get rid of their red names? Can the value of the goods traded by these merchant players cover the cost of getting rid of their red names?"

Chang Liang chuckled. "The Red Name Reputation is almost 1: 1, but the lower the Reputation, the higher the cost. It's said that he killed Raging Sea of Blood on the island and earned at least 3000 Reputation points. He also killed a 20-player caravan, which was average, and earned 4000 Reputation points. He won't be able to get away with 10 thousand gold coins. If he got more Reputation points, he'd be a criminal. He might not even have a chance to get rid of his Red Name. He'd be arrested by the NPC, the Sea Police, and sent to the legendary Island of Evildoers to repent. To be honest, I'd like to see what kind of settings the island has."

The host smiled and said, "I heard it's a separate server. Red-names from all over the world would be banished there."

Chang Liang smiled and said, "He'd probably be very lonely there."

At this moment, there was a commotion in the background.

The host was surprised. "The order has been disrupted. Something new is happening!"

• • •

Yes, something new was happening! Just now, a strong wind blew, shaking all the small boats around SV Fly. This was the best time for Da Fei to wait!

What was the point of waiting for the best opportunity? Of course, all the sailors had to get into position and raise their sails! Big ships were slow in a calm sea near the sea, because if they stopped due to robbery, they'd be even slower. They needed a strong wind, and the small boats weren't stable in the wind. How could they chase after the boats? If they didn't run now, when would they? Did they really think he'd kill them? Then how could he survive in the future? He'd rather offend all the players in the game than the NPCs! Haha, wahahaha!

As expected, the players who realized they were being lied to shouted, "Liar! Trash liar!"

"Everyone, chase him! Smash the boat and sink him! Don't let him get away!"

"I knew something was wrong with him, so I recorded the video and uploaded it!"

"This Sword from the West is his accomplice. Everyone, throw him into the sea to feed the turtles!"

Sword from the West shouted, "I'm a victim too! I was deceived too!"

• • •

SV Fly, filled with sailors, began to ride the wind. The dozen or so small boats staggered as they caught up with SV Fly and crashed into the ship. Da Fei smiled calmly. Take your time smashing the ship. I'll get going first. At the same time, he felt lucky. If he didn't have this wind, he'd have lost a lot of skin. He'd have started a killing spree.

Looking at Sword from the West, who was tossed into the sea by angry players, Da Fei sighed. Just like multi-level marketing, scams were easy, but once the atmosphere and order were created, many people would be scammed. Sword from the West was the most important part of the pyramid scheme, a cadre!

I'm not trying to hurt you. I'm trying to teach you that being lied to in the game is better than being lied to in real life. This is called knowing evil and protecting good, haha!

• • •

In Hero's live-stream, the host stared at the screen for a long time.

Finally, Chang Liang spoke, "Host, can I curse in front of everyone?"

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

It was the latest, fastest, and most popular serialized work!