Chapter 52: Who'S Snatching Who?

Shumilouco

In the Elven Kingdom's Port of Erolyn, Earthshaking Cannon was a relatively well-known player.

As a dwarf, he traveled thousands of miles from the Dwarf Kingdom to the Elven Kingdom just to make money as a base vendor. The Elven Kingdom's artworks were recognized as best-selling in the Guild of Light. Statues sold for 100 gold coins could be sold for 800 or even 1000 gold coins in the Human Kingdom.

Crafts were considered high-end goods in the Elven Kingdom, and only players with high business certificates could buy them. The Elven Kingdom was far from the Human Kingdom, so they had to buy large ships. In fact, cross-border trade required large ships. Who would fly a small ship and risk capsizing, drifting on the ocean for a dozen game days to do business?

So, Earthshaking Cannon made 10 or 20 good friends to help him earn Reputation Points and level up. Then, everyone discussed how to pool money to buy a big ship. After making enough money, Earthshaking Cannon's advantage as a Dwarf came into play. He could forge weapons! The Dwarf's weapon, the Guild of Light, was number one in the world.

In short, Earthshaking Cannon and his friends had a good life ahead of them.

Today, however, there was an unexpected surprise on their trade route! Red-names had no human rights. Not only could they kill trash red-names to get rid of evil for the people, they could also receive a high bounty on their wanted posters. Why not? Of course, there was no need to say anything about red-names losing equipment.

Blood Sea Studio.

For the past two days, Raging Sea of Blood had been very busy. The studio was set up, the site was cleared, people were recruited, people he trusted were managed, there was a workshop system, salary, benefits, alliances with the Dragon Slayer Guild, etc. There were a lot of things to do. It was a good thing Raging Sea of Blood had a lot of brothers and knew a lot of people. The progress was going well too.

Since Raging Sea of Blood was a well-known naval battle hero in the China server, his studio was also developing toward the sea. A large port like Erolyn, which produced handicrafts, had shown its value during the open beta testing. Of course, Raging Sea of Blood also wanted to send his studio members to the port to develop. He'd start with business, then he'd start with military power.

Now, Raging Sea of Blood was being reported by players. His enemy had appeared near the Erolyn Sea!

Raging Sea of Blood became excited. He glared at them and said, "Tell them, kill them! Once the warrant is out, we'll do it! Money is not an issue! I'll contact that player myself later!"

Money wasn't an issue. This was a chance to build up Blood Sea Studio's reputation and prestige! It would be great if the studio used an enemy as a sacrifice on the first day of opening! As long as he was resurrected on the shore, he wouldn't be able to escape the sea of people. They'd kill him all the way to level 0!

At this moment, in the sea near Erolyn, Earthshaking Cannon shouted, "Brothers, the big boss has spoken. Kill him! If you kill him, you'll get 100 thousand yuan. We have 5000 yuan each!"

Everyone shouted, "Charge!"

The 20 small sailing ships immediately changed direction and surrounded SV Fly like a pack of wolves.

The small boat's movement alarmed Da Fei.

"Oh no! Why aren't you doing business? Are you trying to do something?" As a senior healer, Da Fei knew these players weren't here to welcome him.

It was calm near the sea. Big ships usually didn't run as fast as small ones. Since there were only two people on the ship, there was no way he could escape. Of course, Da Fei didn't plan to.

"I'm going to make an example out of them. I don't want everyone to think of me when they see my red name!" Da Fei's confidence came from his Master-level Ballista. He could sink a small boat like theirs with one shot, killing half of them before they got close to him. Then, he'd kill his darling. Katerina wasn't a war hero, but she had the combat power of an angel. Wouldn't he be able to kill these level-120 players with 5, 60 HP? He'd make sure none of them got on the boat.

Katerina was surprised. "Captain, are we fighting?"

Da Fei nodded and said gloomily, "That's right! If they want to die, don't blame me."

Katerina laughed in surprise. "This is the first time I've seen a merchant attacking me. It's good that I didn't take the initiative to snatch them."

Snatch? Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Right! If he killed them, he'd lose Reputation. If he didn't snatch some of their stuff, he'd be letting down his Reputation. Clearing Reputation would cost money.

Dafei said in surprise, "Can I snatch it?"

Katerina smiled. "With their level, they won't even have their pants left!"

Hey, hey, hey, the treasure is only allowed to steal my pants, not other people's. However, if he wanted to steal, there were 10 to 20 players and at least 1 to 2 NPC sailors on the boat, so there was a lot of people. If any player knew magic or something, Katerina's 73 HP wouldn't be safe.

Da Fei suddenly remembered he had a Demonized Sea Anemone King's Heart in his bag. He was going to sell it, but he'd better use it now. He couldn't let his baby suffer. With her terrifying attack speed, the paralyzing effect would be unimaginable.

The two sides collided. Da Fei was afraid of sinking them, so he deliberately slowed down. As he got closer, the fleet of Earthshaking Cannon closed in on SV Fly, trapping it.

Then, the Earth-Shaking Cannon was stunned. Da Fei sighed at himself for thinking too much. SV Fly was so tall, how could you board the ship? Did you think you were pirates who could fly on the mast? Even if you could, you were so small, the top of the mast couldn't reach the side of the ship. In the end, a small boat attacking a big ship was as difficult as attacking a city.

As expected, everyone was shocked. "Cannon Bro, we can't go up? What do we do?"

Earthshaking Cannon gritted his teeth. "Then we'll destroy the ship! We'll sink it!" It seemed like he couldn't count on robbing the ship. He'd just have to get the reward.

Da Fei was shocked! What the heck, do you really think you can get onto my ship? I can sink you with a swing of my rudder!

Da Fei quickly tossed down two cables. "Hey! Come on up if you dare!" He tossed one cable, afraid they wouldn't dare to go up, and tossed two cables to embolden them.

Earthshaking Cannon was overjoyed. "Let's do it!" He shouted, "Brothers, let's do it! The big boss will give us a reward no matter what!"

The players immediately climbed onto the deck with the help of the cable. When they went over the side of the ship, they didn't get attacked like they thought. The others sighed in relief.

This was a big ship! Everyone cheered as they stepped on the slippery deck. It was as if they already had the ship, but there was no sign of Da Fei. "Where is he?"

"Idiots, come on in if you dare!" Da Fei's voice came from the passenger cabin.

"What the hell is he doing?" Everyone mumbled.

Earthshaking Cannon waved his hand. "Go, we have more people! We'll wear him down!"

The players immediately rushed into the cabin. Just as everyone was entering, Katerina jumped down from the driver's seat, brandishing her dual swords. She chased them into the aisle of the cabin. For a moment, screams could be heard in the hallway. Katerina had 60 Attack, 20 Damage, and 22 Attack Speed. Her Pirate Attribute and Attack Skill increased her damage by 100%, and she was ambushing them from behind. This wasn't something level 20 players could handle with 4, 50 HP.

That's right. If they were fighting on the deck, Da Fei was worried they'd surround him with more people, so he lured them into the narrow aisle of the cabin. Then, everyone understood.

When Da Fei and Katerina won the battle, Katerina shook the stack of bills in her hand, sweating. "Captain, what do you think this is?"

Da Fei was overjoyed. "The purchase order! I really got it! Thanks for your hard work, baby!" But thinking of how he lost 4000 reputation points after killing 20 level-120 players, he sighed. Hopefully, their value could make up for the loss of reputation. Otherwise, it'd be a problem for him to enter the port.

What was the purchase order? It was the receipt for the merchant players to get their goods from the exchange. Goods without purchase orders were illegal goods of unknown origin. The exchange wouldn't accept them, and the navy would deduct them. Merchants traded among themselves for goods, which was the purchase order. Only by getting the purchase order could they legally get their goods. Therefore, if there was no purchase order from the players, even if Da Fei stole their goods, there would be no place to sell them. It would be a waste to snatch them.

(Note: The earliest form of futures is this kind of purchase order. If you're interested in futures, you can ask the physical education teacher.)

C

"Yes."