Chapter 58: The Pool Of Light For Reviving The Old Ship

City Hall of Eloreen.

Mayor Oseriman, a tall, elegant middle-aged druid with a long beard and luxurious clothes, shook hands with Da Fei. The waiter brought fruit wine, and the two of them laughed and raised their glasses to celebrate.

Oseriman praised him. "As a human, Mr. Da Fei has traveled far and wide to support the development of the Elves. What kind of spirit is this? This is an internationalist spirit. Mr. Da Fei is a noble person, a pure person, someone who has transcended vulgar interests! Mr. Da Fei is the model for the Guild of Light! Let us toast to Mr. Da Fei's contribution!"

Da Fei chuckled. "Thanks for the compliment. Cheers!"

Oseriman smiled. "Sir, you need at least half a year to develop your property. In half a year, it will be time for you to show off. Sir is the first to invest in our city. We should give you the biggest discount. Not only do you have a 20% fixed quota for tuna, but you also get a 20% discount for the purchase price."

— System Message: You have received the achievement "The Number One Investor in Eloreen City," and a fixed quota of 20% of the property tuna.

Da Fei smiled and said, "Thank you, Mr. Mayor." This was the benefit of being number one! Half a year was only half a month in real life. The New Year was over, right? But the rewards wouldn't be just some reputation points, right? What else? He needed to earn money!

Oseriman smiled and said, "But this half a year is too long. It's a big loss for businessmen. As compensation, if you have any requests, you can tell me now. If it's something I can do, I'll do my best."

Da Fei was excited! This was the real deal! If a commoner didn't pay a visit to the mayor or sue a lowly official, wouldn't they be making a living? He needed to change his destiny and his situation. He needed to think this through!

What do I need now?

Mayor, can you give me 100 jade dragons? Wow! So-so! I've never seen anything like this.

Mayor, can you give me a dozen magical weapons? This is good!

Mayor, why don't you give me a team of Elven Legendary Heroes? This is even more exciting!

Mayor, give me a territory castle! This is awesome!

Mayor, why don't you give me some hidden jobs? What the heck! Do you really think I'm a Magic Wishing Lamp? The system is backing the NPC. Is the system that generous?

At this moment, Katerina, who was next to him, whispered, "Boat…"

Boat? Da Fei was stunned. Right, this was the most reliable requirement. He didn't want weapons, land, or divine equipment. As a businessman, he could have a special ship, right? As a provincial governor, you should be able to handle this, right?

Da Fei coughed and said, "Mr. Mayor, my ship is a special ship, but it's too old. Mr. Mayor, can you get me a new one? I can buy it… I'll mortgage it and pay in installments."

Otheriman laughed and shook his head.

Da Fei's butt tightened. No way. A special ship was something even a mayor couldn't handle?

Otheriman clapped his hands, and the waiter came in. "What can I do for you, sir?"

Oseriman took out a card and said seriously, "Using my name card, I'd like to invite the Archdruid of the Druid Guild, Elder Mashatir. Our city's guest has something to discuss with him."

The waiter bowed and left.

Seeing the situation, Da Fei felt that the Archdruid had a powerful background. Not only did he need the mayor to invite him on a notice, but he also needed to tell him the reason. Impressive! However, if the Archdruid was invited, it meant there was a chance. Da Fei became excited.

Oseriman sighed. "Maybe, this is an opportunity. Maybe Mr. Da Fei can create a miracle!"

Da Fei was surprised. "What do you mean?"

Oseriman said, "The Druids believe that everything has a spirit, and even dead trees can experience spring. So, even if Mr. Da Fei's ship is rotten wood, there's a chance it could be reborn!"

Da Fei was pleasantly surprised. "I see! Thank you, Lord Mayor!" 'Spring in the Dead Tree!' What the heck, I came to the right place in the Elven Kingdom. He's a wood expert! Does this mean the ship is going to be reborn? Maybe it'll have life!

Oseriman shook his head and sighed. "But it won't be that easy. We'll have to ask the Archdruid Elder and Sir for more details."

Seeing his expression, Da Fei suddenly felt a strong sense of deceit.

Da Fei was stunned. "Is it that hard? Why don't you just give me some special ship materials? I can get a factory to build it…"

Otheriman said calmly, "We are elves, druids, and protectors of the forest. We don't cut down rare trees. Please understand."

Da Fei laughed dryly. "I'm being rude. Hehe." What the heck! If I knew this would happen, I'd have gone back to the Human Kingdom to contribute. Humans don't even blink when cutting trees!

Right at this moment, laughter came from outside the door. "The guests the mayor asked me to see must be important!"

The mayor rushed to the door and greeted him personally. "Elder, please!"

An elderly elf, holding a colorful light pole and wearing a flowery camouflage robe, walked in with a relaxed demeanor. "Is this young friend our city's VIP?"

What the heck, looking at the hero aura under his feet, and having lived for so long, he must be a hidden Legendary Hero.

Da Fei quickly went forward and bowed. "It's me."

Oseriman said, "Mr. Da Fei wants to revive the special ship at the end of his life. I think this is an opportunity."

The Great Elder squinted at Da Fei and kept nodding. "Not bad. You became a Voyager at such a young age. You have a bright future."

Da Fei chuckled. "You're flattering me."

The elder nodded. "Voyager is a new profession, but it's the bravest, smartest, and bravest job in the world. You have to do this!"

Difficult task? Da Fei had a bad feeling.

The elder continued, "If you want to revive your ship, the most direct and reliable way is to go to the Pool of Light, where the sap of the World Tree's roots gathers in the ground to form the sea of life, which is also the source of the World Tree's growth. However, the sea is too close to the center of the earth, and contact with the demons in the underground abyss is inevitable. The demons contaminated the Pool of Light, making the Pool of Light lose its vitality. The World Tree's roots, in order to protect themselves, created a barrier to stop the invasion of more powerful demons, and also to stop the reinforcement of our powerful troops. This situation can't last long. We need a young warrior to lead a team into the Pool of Light to expel the demons and purify the Pool of Light. At that time, the vitality of the Pool of Light will allow your ship to recover its vitality, and it will be greatly enhanced!"

— System Message: The Great Elder of the Druid Guild in Aroline City has given you an epic quest, "Pool of Purification." Do you accept?

— Mission tips: The Pool of Light is located underground in the Elven Kingdom of the Hero Continent. The Elven Kingdom is worried about the pollution. The protective barrier of the World Tree only allows Level 30 and lower-level heroes to enter. The Elven Kingdom is looking for eligible heroes to enter the barrier of the Pool of Light to cleanse the Pool of Light.

— Mission tips: Players and sub-heroes for this mission must not be above level 30.

— Pfft! Da Fei almost spat out blood! He managed to create an Epic Mission for repairing ships! I told you there was no free lunch. Are you really working together?

"Young friend, what do you think?" The Great Elder looked at Da Fei, making Da Fei's balls hurt. Coach, I just want the materials for the ship!

The mayor added, "Actually, this task is very challenging and risky. It's understandable if you don't accept it."

This was an epic quest given by the mayor! As a commoner, how many chances would I have to meet the mayor in my life? This was an opportunity for me to fix my ship with precious materials. Any player would not refuse this, let alone a grandmaster's brother.

Da Fei had nothing to say. "I accept!"

— System Message: You have accepted the epic quest "Pool of Purification"!

The elder and the mayor clapped their hands. "As expected of a young and promising warrior!"

(Seeking various votes. School has started. Are the students here yet?)

Please read the app.