Chapter 57: Contributing The Tuna Egg

Da Fei returned to the exchange. The businessmen around him cursed.

Tch, are you done being so righteous? Are you sure you were the victims? Say, you must have been bought by that idiot to make fun of me, right? Fine, Raging Sea of Blood, from today onwards, I'll call you the director of the Poverty Alleviation Office! Just you wait, I'll make you the best young man in the country! I'll make you the president of the Red Character Society!

Da Fei started his first trade with the NPCs.

— System Message: You sold 80 units of fruit wine at 38 gold coins per unit. You received 3040 gold coins.

— Novice Guide: Since the price of your purchase is lower than the price of the purchase order, you won't gain experience in this trade.

This couldn't be helped. After all, fruit wine was a product of this city. It'd be nice if they didn't charge half the price.

— System Message: You sold 1,25 units of fragrant nuts at a price of 65 gold coins per unit. You earned 8,125 gold coins. You made 1,825 gold coins in this trade. You earned 182 experience.

— System Message: You sold 40 units of lavender at 200 gold coins per unit, earning 8000 gold coins. You made 1,500 gold coins in this trade, gaining + 150 experience.

— System Message: You sold 300 units of Morning Light Wheat for 45 gold coins per unit. You earned 13,500 gold coins. You made 1,700 gold coins in this trade. You earned 170 experience points.

After the trade was completed, he earned a total of 32,665 gold coins. This was considered a huge sum in the hands of current players.

It was true that one couldn't get rich without a windfall. He didn't want to cheat people of their money. He just wanted to wash off his red name. Sometimes, when the God of Fortune came in, he couldn't stop it. Wahaha!

When it came to business, he had to talk about business experience and city specialty products.

Under normal circumstances, businessmen would only earn 10% of their earnings, but this was the key to differentiating high-level businessmen from low-level businessmen.

Business was very skillful, and prices could change at any time. There were a few ways to increase a businessman's experience, and most often, cities needed them urgently.

The trader mumbled to himself, "Wow, the city really needs fragrant nuts!" Then, the merchant would immediately bring back a batch of fragrant nuts to sell, giving 100% experience. That was, experience = profit, plus reputation rewards. The trader would even reward an equipment or low-level treasure if he was happy. In a situation where the city was in desperate need, the profit would be quite high. It could be said to be a good harvest for gold, experience, and reputation.

Then there were disasters. If there were diseases, famines, etc., in a city, merchants would bring medicine, and food would be increased by 100%. Then, during festivals, merchants would sell alcohol, sugar, and flowers, giving 100% experience.

Even so, even if these three conditions appeared in a city at the same time, giving 300% bonus points, the experience of businessmen was still not enough compared to the experience of fighting monsters. After all, traveling business took a long time, and low-end businessmen traded very little boats.

Then, there was the real deal. Transnational trading, especially cross-border delivery of local products!

When goods from the Elven Kingdom were transported to the Human Kingdom, they made 8-10 times the profit. The reason for this profit was that this product wasn't an ordinary product, but a recognized "specialty product" of the Union! The specialty product gave 100% extra experience.

Taking Da Fei's current situation as an example, if he spent 30 thousand gold coins on the city's specialty, "Goddess Oak Statue," and spent one month in the game, which was three days in real life, to sell it in the human kingdom, then the maximum price would be 300 thousand gold coins, which meant 300 thousand experience points!

300 thousand yuan was too little?

The Goddess's Oaken Statue was priced at 100 gold coins per unit. 30 thousand gold coins was only 300 orders. It wasn't enough to fill the inventory. It wasn't good enough. If he had 100 thousand gold coins, he could buy 1000 orders at full capacity. Then, he could ship it over? 1 million experience points!

Who wouldn't want to earn 1 million experience points in three days in real life? Well, players after level 60 would think it was too little. But if 100 thousand gold coins in three days earned 1 million, it wouldn't be too little, right?

What could 1 million gold coins do? An angel cost 5000 gold coins, he could buy 200! If he had enough reputation, he could build a new city in the New World.

Of course, whether it was an angel or a thousand-lane cargo ship, specialty products, or building a city, these were all things that could only happen in the distant future, not something the current players should consider. Especially specialty products, they required players to have the city's Reputation, Guild Reputation, as well as the level of the Sailing Certificate. What was even more annoying was that the specialty products were distributed according to the player's investment share in the city.

What was an investment share allocation? One of the things about a city's prosperity was that if players spent gold coins to invest, it could increase its prosperity, increase the production and quality of the city's goods and specialties, and when the quality reached its peak, they could even develop new specialties, which of course could increase their Reputation. For example, players who invested 20% of the city's total investment could only buy 20% of the specialties' output, so during the open beta testing, rich big guilds would start a commercial war, crazily investing in exclusive harbors to exclude other players' investment shares, which was as cruel as conquering other people's territories with force. Those who lost would lose both their money and their people.

Specific products weren't easy to get. Normal players just needed to focus on high-end products of good quality, and they could make 2-5 times the profit if they traveled overseas to resell their products.

Da Fei held the 30 thousand gold coins in his hand. He sighed at the uselessness of the gold coins while the merchants nearby cursed at him, saying, "No one is trading with him." If this was the original plan, he would have shouted, "Buying a purchase order at a high price!" Many businessmen would have gone forward to trade, and then his 1000-yuan cargo hold would be full. Even if it wasn't a specialty product, as long as it was sold across countries, it'd be worth a lot of experience, reputation, and gold coins. Then, his money would snowball!

Sigh, he had angered everyone. Even if he didn't, there must be people who couldn't tolerate his big ship. Life was like the waves on the sea, life was like the river. He had to fix the ship and then run a long-distance mission. What a waste of talent.

Wait! Specialties? I have them!

Da Fei quickly opened the bag.

— tuna eggs: seafood. Can be cultivated in a fishery near the sea. The tuna is a delicious large-scale seafood, hard to catch, and very popular on the market.

Based on the information on the official website, it didn't matter if this thing would be certified as a specialty product by the Alliance. As long as it was handed over to the city, it would be equivalent to adding an industry to the city. His reputation would be instantly boosted, and he would have at least 10% of the supply quota for this product. This quota was reserved for him. There was no need to limit the amount of shopping for certificates. Other businessmen couldn't buy it even if they had money, and there was no way to squeeze out a business war!

That was to say, by then, he'd be too lazy to go out to sea. He'd just go to the stock market and buy all of his tuna stocks. Then, he'd sell the fish at a high price! The big boss would buy it!

Even though his initial intention was to save it for later, he couldn't afford to keep it now. Business opportunities always came first, not to mention he was in a disadvantageous situation right now, losing his edge. He needed to make a big move! Of course, the most important thing was to show off! He needed to show off! If he didn't, people would think he was bullied to death, and they'd hit him when he was down. How could he stay calm?

Da Fei made a prompt decision. He found an NPC manager at the exchange. "I want to turn in seafood."

When the manager saw this, he was overjoyed. "Thank you for supporting the development of this city. Our Seaside City is perfect for developing this kind of seafood! You will make a great contribution to the development of our city! This is my recommendation letter. Please go to the City Hall and ask Mayor Otheriman for your reward!"

So that's how it is! See the mayor directly? What does that mean? Class, do you know what level is required to see the mayor directly?

While the businessmen kept cursing, Da Fei laughed and left the shop. No one knew it was Lychee!

• • •

— Erolyn City Broadcast: Congratulations! Da Fei has contributed a new product to Erolyn City, making a major contribution. Mayor Otheriman has given the player Da Fei the title of "Erolyn City Honorary Citizen." Player Da Fei's reputation in Erolyn City has become "Respect!"

All the players in the city were stunned. Then, the whole city erupted in anger. "F*ck! This is ridiculous!"

(Looking for various votes)

Please read the app.