Chapter 53: First Free Deal

Now, all the players were dead, leaving only the sailors' boats.

In a legion war, once the commander-in-chief was killed, the morale of the rest of the army would be negative. Most of the soldiers would fight to the death, some would escape, and some would be captured. The captured soldiers were usually of the lowest level.

With the hero dead and the sailors out of options, they all jumped into the sea.

Da Fei panicked. "Don't kill me if I surrender! Gosh, don't run! Where do you think you're going?"

Katerina also shouted angrily, "Don't move! Don't kill the ones who stay! Feed the ones who run to the sharks!" This seemed to be a pirate's intimidation skill.

Finally, six sailors stayed with their heads in their hands. As for the sailors, they all disappeared into the horizon.

F*ck, he could really run? As he was sighing, a message came.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have won "Battle of the Second Battle," experience + 1140, additional Command Power + 1.

— System Message: Congratulations! You won the battle. You captured six trainee sailors. You looted 200 units of fruit wine, 3 units of fresh water, and 2 units of dry bread.

— System Message: Fruit Wine is a large item. It must be transported to your cabin.

— Proficient Sailor: Attack: 0, Defense: 0, Health: 4, Damage: 0-1, Attack Speed: 8, Movement Speed: 10, Command Value: 1, Special Skill: Ship Driving, Swimming.

Fruit wine? Da Fei quickly checked the purchase order and smiled calmly.

The price of 1 unit of fruit wine was 50 gold coins, 200 units was 10 thousand gold coins. If he helped them make the trip, it'd be at least 111 thousand, right? Now he had money to wash his reputation, and he could give six sailors for free. Oh, thanks.

Of course, this wasn't because he was evil. Fine, it was because he was evil. But if a businessman didn't do his job and went to rob the red-named pirates, wasn't this suicidal? If he didn't, he wouldn't have died. Don't you understand? Wahahaha!

Katerina tossed cables and ropes to the boat. She yelled at the six sailors, "Hang all the goods. Hurry up. If anyone dares to goof off, throw them into the sea to feed the sharks!"

The sailors frantically tried to tie up the containers.

Da Fei laughed. "Me too, me too!"

• • •

At this moment, Earthshaking Cannon, who had revived and returned to the city, was arguing with Raging Sea of Blood. "Boss, I'll send you the video now. You said he was alone. Look at this beauty. She's a sub-hero! A pirate too! She stole all of our inventory! If we'd known he had a sub-hero, our brothers wouldn't have suffered so much. Is this Boss' intel wrong? Now we've lost our inventory and our ship. Boss, what should we do?"

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood was staring at the familiar cabin aisle in the video. The female pirate's bloody knife danced in the darkness. He was so shocked that he didn't have time to listen to the giant cannon. He said impatiently, "I told you, the compensation is the reward!"

Earthshaking Cannon didn't give up. "Boss, I know you have a lot of yuan, but gold is the real currency in the game now. Gold is the real money. Even studios don't sell gold now, okay? We lost 10 thousand gold coins worth of merchandise. Ten thousand gold coins! We can't buy it even with money. We lost so much money over the past week. Boss, your bounty is a little unfair to us! Who cares about your wanted order in the whole server?"

Raging Sea of Blood became even more impatient. "Ten thousand each!"

Earthshaking Cannon laughed. "No wonder you're a big boss. You're so loyal. Our brother didn't die in vain! If you need anything in the future, feel free to look for us. We can stay here."

Raging Sea of Blood chuckled. "I feel like you died in vain. I need your help."

Earthshaking Cannon was stunned. "Our ship is gone…"

Raging Sea of Blood sneered. "I don't think he's popular enough. I want to make him famous, so please help me promote him in the city. If someone dies, I'll compensate him with double the reward based on the loss of goods. Anyway, since the trash lost his reputation, I'll just make him lose more so that he can't live in Hong Kong. It'd be best if he traveled overseas for a long time!"

Earthshaking Cannon laughed. "Of course, it's no big deal!" The so-called overseas trip was where the popular players were banished by the system.

Raging Sea of Blood let out a deep breath. After the initial shock, Raging Sea of Blood was starting to feel numb. After stealing his Godly Hero reward, it didn't matter how this trash developed. The key was that the video showed that he had hired a pirate hero, and an enviable beauty at that. What did this mean? It meant that he had been ashore before, and he was on the pirate's land.

Based on the notification from the video, after everyone was killed, they lost their purchase orders. Pirates were really good at stealing things! Raging Sea of Blood was excited—how could his hard work as a merchant compare to being a pirate who stole things without any capital? Wasn't he prepared to be a pirate and rob the NPC caravans?

Based on the fact that Da Fei hadn't changed classes yet, the prerequisite for him to have peaceful contact with pirates was that he couldn't change classes. Also, there were a lot of things to do in the studio these days, so he didn't have time to upgrade. He probably met the requirements to see pirates.

He decided to be a pirate! Knights and Priests were too conservative. They weren't suitable for sea battles. Only pirates could live up to their god-level strengths!

Raging Sea of Blood immediately shared his idea with his buddies, Brother Tian, Shao Dong, Xiao Ma, and the others. Everyone complained, "We've already changed classes. You're only telling us now?"

Raging Sea of Blood smiled and said, "Brothers, you'd better walk the right path. I'll let you sell all the goods I stole after becoming a pirate."

Shaodong was surprised. "But we work as studios now, right? It's not easy when pirates tarnish our reputation, right?"

Tian Ge chuckled. "It's okay. Reputation is useless. Some people lived their whole lives as good people with their tails between their legs, but they didn't want to do something wrong and ruin their reputation. Some people lived a good life, acted like bad people their whole lives, and in the end, they turned over a new leaf. Do you want to be good or bad first?"

Everyone laughed. "Of course! We have to get rid of them first, then we can be nice to them. By then, they'd be grateful to us!"

Raging Sea of Blood laughed. "Brother Tian is right. We have to improve ourselves by hook or by crook. It doesn't matter even if there's a lot of scolding in the country. When we're stronger, we can go to war zones and beat up foreigners. We're national heroes. Who would dare to fart?"

Everyone laughed. "Right! Tao, don't worry. We'll be there!"

• • •

At this moment, Da Fei was sweating profusely as he moved the ship. Katerina suddenly called the police. "Captain, another boat is approaching us!"

Ah? One? Da Fei took out his binoculars and saw a white sail approaching. It really was a boat.

F*ck! Are you serious? You want to rob me with just one boat? I beat up the first 20 boats. I'm sure the Chamber of Commerce channel is going crazy. You want to rob me with just one boat? Are you some kind of top expert?

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. He took a closer look. The player's name was "Sword from the West"! What the heck, what a name! He looked like an expert!

Please read the app.