Chapter 56: Clearing Her Red Name

The entire China server's Hero Forum was in an uproar.

Lying wasn't a big deal. PvP wasn't a big deal, and stealing goods wasn't a big deal. But if he lied and stole goods in front of millions of TV viewers, it'd be a big deal. He'd be embarrassed all over the world! It was easy to imagine how many countries' peers would laugh at today's show.

With everyone watching, how should the mastermind, Raging Sea of Blood, deal with this? Logically speaking, the businessmen were greedy, they were ridiculous, they deserved to be lied to. Especially since the seller was colluding with the enemy. Raging Sea of Blood couldn't tolerate this! But if it didn't mean anything, then what was the point of Raging Sea of Blood's wanted poster? Where was the studio's prestige?

It was a good thing that the players didn't lose their lives. After a short discussion, the management of Raging Sea of Blood decided to compensate them in cash based on the losses of their goods. This comforted the businessmen. The scammed businessmen also posted an appeal on the forum, telling everyone in the Chinese district not to resell their purchase orders to trash Da Fei. Even if he had a big ship, he wouldn't be able to transport much goods. There were many posts, all of which answered.

For Raging Sea of Blood, he had achieved his goal. This Da Fei had become a disgrace to the entire China server, a true public enemy. Let's see how long he could survive. Fight me? Pfft! I'll make sure you die!

• • •

Now, Da Fei, who was loaded with goods worth 40 thousand gold coins and 800 per unit, was about to arrive at the port. A few Golden Dragonhawks descended from the sky.

— 'We suspect you have criminal records. We will detain your ship and limit your movements. Please come with us for an investigation.'

These were the legendary city enforcement officers who had mysterious combat power. Maybe you thought you could crush them after reaching Lv 100, but when you reached Lv 100, you'd realize how insignificant you were.

As a Red Name who was surrounded and intercepted at all costs, Da Fei suddenly felt like he was in an organization when he saw them! He felt relieved. "I'm willing to be investigated!"

With a flash of white light, the scene changed. Da Fei appeared in an imposing black hall. On a platform in the middle of the hall, a black-robed NPC named "Adjudicator" shocked everyone. His voice echoed in the hall. "Do you know your crime?"

— System Message: As a Red Name, you will face the following judgment. You can accept any punishment.

1. Confess at church. Confess when you are online. During the confession, you cannot leave the church. Confess in real life (7 days, 3 hours, 21 minutes).

2. Distribute the labor reform. The reform is based on the value created by your labor. During the reform, you cannot act freely.

3. Bail for fines. If you paid enough gold coins or something of equivalent value, you could be bailed out.

There's nothing to say. Why did I swindle so many goods?

Da Fei nodded. "I know my mistakes. I'll change! I'm willing to hand over my goods to repent for my mistakes."

The judge said with satisfaction, "Money can't wash away your sins, but it can give you a chance to be released on bail. You have to treasure God's forgiveness. Take care of yourself and live a new life!"

— System Message: You handed over 235 orders of goods worth 12,310 gold coins to get bail. You are now yellow-named.

— Yellow Name: You have the same legal rights as white-named players, but your Reputation is still negative. You have to accumulate Reputation or donate at a church to wash off your bad reputation.

The scene changed again. Da Fei appeared at the pier.

Looking at the blue sky, the flying seabirds, the hustle and bustle of people, and the busy pier, Da Fei finally felt a sense of belonging as if he had returned to a civilized society. He breathed a long sigh of relief. He was finally safe. This feeling of peace was so wonderful!

Now, he had to get on the boat to see his darling.

Needless to say, Da Fei was greeted by the warm hug of his darling. "Captain, it's great that you're out so soon!"

Ah, enjoying the squeezing sensation on her chest, Da Fei stroked her back and chuckled. "Who am I? Can they lock me up? Wahahaha!"

Katerina laughed. "Right. If the captain doesn't come out and I can't get off the ship, I'd be bored to death."

Da Fei smiled and said, "Let's go. We'll get a seafaring certificate at the Sea Commerce Association, then we can sell our stocks. When we make money, the first thing I'll do is buy you pretty clothes."

Katerina smiled. "We don't have much money now, so we don't have time to buy clothes. We just had 235 orders deducted. The rest of the goods are from the port. If we sell them, the price will be 70%. Some of the goods are from the port, so we can make less money. I think we can sell them for 30 thousand gold coins. If we repair the ship, we'll have 20 thousand gold coins left. That's enough to pay the deposit for the Merchant's Guild's transportation mission."

Who said she was a gold digger? She was a good wife and a good wife!

Da Fei agreed. "OK, we'll do as you say!" He must have incited public anger by swindling so many businessmen, right? He probably couldn't get the purchase orders from the players anymore. He'd have to accept the Commerce Organization's long-distance transportation mission.

Now that Da Fei, a big name, was walking on the street with Katerina, he attracted a lot of attention. The entire city channel was in an uproar.

"Trash liar Dafei has appeared!"

"Trash washed his red name with scams!"

"Don't sell the purchase orders to this piece of trash! It's useless even if he has a big ship!"

• • •

Da Fei was filled with emotions. How many years had it been? How many years had it been since he'd heard such passionate shouting? It was his lost youth, his long-awaited passion, the era when he had no regrets!

A group of people stood in front of Da Fei, led by a player named Earthshaking Cannon. These players stared at Da Fei fiercely, then stared at the coquettish Katerina with envy and greed.

Da Fei looked at the dwarf in front of him and sighed. "Please, blocking traffic is illegal. Everyone has to be law-abiding players!"

— Puah! Everyone cursed! Earthshaking Cannon pointed at Da Fei and threatened, "We'll see! Don't let our brothers see us!"

Who is this guy? Da Fei shook his head and squeezed through the crowd, leaving a group of people cursing.

Then, he went to the Guild of Commerce to apply for a sea pass. The venue for a sea pass was very specific. If it was done in Erolyn, players could buy more goods in the city. This was why players from other countries traveled thousands of miles to Erolyn. Of course, foreign players didn't buy as much as local players, but foreign players had their own advantages.

After getting his sea pass, he'd go to the stock exchange. He only had half of the purchase order left, but this was his first bucket of gold. Wahahaha!

A player sat dejectedly outside the exchange. Sword from the West. Amidst the cursing, he looked up and saw Da Fei coming toward him. His expression was complicated.

Da Fei shook his head. He patted his shoulder and sighed. "Bro, I'm sorry!"

The surrounding players cursed, "See, they're really in cahoots!"

Sword from the West slapped away Da Fei's hand and stood up, shouting, "He's a liar! I'm not with him!"

Da Fei sighed. "Life is like the waves at sea, sometimes rising and sometimes falling. You have to work hard to win…"

Sword from the West lamented, "That was easy! I lost everything. The boss didn't compensate me even if he thought I was a liar. My reputation is ruined too. I can't survive anymore."

Oh, the boss didn't pay? Da Fei sighed. "And?"

Sword from the West stared at Da Fei's eyes and said in a low voice, "I have one last request! I want to fight you one-on-one in the arena!"

There would be no deaths in the PvP Arena, no losses.

Da Fei said, "So, you were planning to fight then?"

Sword from the West said in a low voice, "Yes!"

Da Fei shook his head. "You don't have a chance."

Sword from the West gritted his teeth. "Opportunities don't matter!"

Da Fei sighed. "Fine. Since you helped me before, I'll let you think things through."

Amidst the cursing of the players, the two of them reached the city's arena.

Da Fei sighed. "Open the game mode."

Sword from the West shouted, "I want to end things with the liar Da Fei in the arena! If you're interested, come and see!"

Everyone cursed, "Acting again? If you have the balls, fight in the wild!"

Sword from the West looked even angrier. Even so, when the two of them entered the arena, there were still dozens of players watching.

Facing Da Fei and his sub-hero, Sword from the West said resolutely, "Let's begin!"

Da Fei squatted and shook his head. "Wait a while."

"Wait for what?"

Da Fei shook his head and didn't say anything. Of course, he had to wait for more audience. There would be a few people who believed him, right? If no one believed him, he could just pretend to be a brother. He knew you were a loyal and introverted person, much better than Dawei. He didn't care about you.

On and off, hundreds of people came to the arena. There was a lot of yelling. It was about time.

Da Fei didn't stand up. He said calmly, "Let's begin."

Sword from the West, who had been waiting for this moment, unsheathed his two swords.

Katerina charged!

Everyone became silent. This was the second female hero in the game. The players were looking forward to seeing her power! Even though everyone wasn't optimistic about the level 20 Sword from the West, they were both dual-swords and had high attack speed too. Everyone wanted to see the difference between the two sides!

Blood and white light intertwined!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, dealt 46 points of damage to One Sword West, paralyzing One Sword West, interrupting his movement!

Everyone was stunned!

The second blood beam arrived!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, dealt 14 points of damage to Sword from the West, defeating Sword from the West!

Everyone was silent.

Da Fei sighed. "If you were at sea, you'd have been instakilled by the first attack. I don't know what big move you have, maybe a scroll that could instakill someone, but you really don't have a chance."

At this moment, Sword from the West, who was lying on the ground, slowly sat up. His face was pale and his body was shaking. His dream was over!

After a brief silence, the audience booed.

Sword from the West looked around the room and shouted at the top of his lungs, "I, Sword from the West, didn't lie to you. To prove my innocence, I'm going to log off and delete my account!"

Amidst the commotion, Sword from the West logged off and disappeared!

What the heck? You didn't really delete your account, right? Da Fei couldn't help but sigh. What's the point of deleting your account? You're just a nobody. How much is your innocence worth? Do you think you can shock everyone and make them shed a tear for you?

No matter what, he treated another internet addict. What the heck, he was a professional gamer. If he treated all the patients, what would he eat?

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.