Chapter 54: Assassin Or Carrier?

Shumilouco

Closer! Not only could the Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill see the target's level, but it could also see the target's equipment from afar.

— Player name: "Sword from the West", level 20. Level 1 Elven soldier, Dual Knife Warrior, Wind Dancer, complete with equipment and stores! Two trainee sailors in the subordinate army, morale + 1 in the army, 10 units of unknown goods on the ship.

What was this? He couldn't tell? Did he have a magic scroll or something that could kill him in one hit? He really couldn't tell, but he wasn't interested in it.

An expert, right? Show me some diving skills.

Da Fei waved his hand and ordered a sailor to get into position at the ballista.

For ballista players, if they had soldiers, they could send a small soldier (a humanoid creature with a medium-sized body) to control the ballista. The damage would be the hero's own, and there were no skills or attributes requirements for the small soldier. Of course, there were a dozen ballistae on the battleship, but only the player's own ballista could be used by the small soldier. The other ballistae were not enhanced by the player's War Machine Skill, so they had to hire high-level sailors who knew how to use the cannon. The sub-heroes were even better.

Sword from the West had entered the firing range. There was nothing to say. Blow him up!

— Boom! Boom! The ballista fired twice, and the small boat shook violently.

Sword from the West shouted anxiously, "Brother Fei! Don't do anything yet! I'm here to give you a gift! You can kill me after I give you the gift!"

Da Fei was stunned. What was he talking about? He didn't understand!

Sword from the West continued to yell, "Brother Fei, don't hit me! If you hit me again, I'll sink! Just now, a big boss told us to give you a red packet as a gift. I'm a businessman, so I'd definitely come. I'm not trying to make things difficult for you. Even if I didn't come, other people would. They're all behind us, so we might as well give you a favor. If we sunk the gift, we'd lose it. Brother Fei, we'd lose a lot!"

Da Fei instantly understood. What did he mean by giving people heads and red packets? Of course, it was that idiot who made him kill people, making him more famous! If he was going to die, why did he have to yell for him to stop?

Of course, drowning and sinking of a ship were very different from being killed by him. What was different? If he sunk the ship, it would be a case of maliciously attacking a merchant. But if he fell into the water, it had nothing to do with him, because falling into the water didn't mean drowning. He could still hold a piece of wood and wait for other people to save him or float back. This was like luring monsters to harm people. In fact, people did die because of him, but the system couldn't tell he was the killer. After all, he didn't even touch him, right? Who knew if he fell into the water?

But if he killed someone, it would be a crime of murder and a case of maliciously assaulting a businessman. With two crimes combined, he would lose more reputation.

If the so-called big boss gave him a red packet, it must be paid with Reputation. A red packet from a Lv 1 kill was obviously different from a red packet from a Lv 20 kill. A Lv 1 reduction would give him 10 Reputation points, a Lv 20 reduction would give him 200 points, how could it be the same price?

F*ck, I thought I'd run into an expert who could take over a city! Turns out he's a shrewd businessman! Fine, since we're both getting what we need, we can part ways. I'll spare your life for now.

Da Fei squatted on the railing and shouted, "OK, come here!"

Sword from the West hurriedly said, "Got it! Got it!" At this moment, Sword from the West was overjoyed. He had a chance!

Sword from the West was an ordinary Elf merchant. He was also a common Class 1 Wind Dancer. His innate talent was also "Wind Dancer Instructor." Every time he leveled up, the Wind Dancer in the army would gain 1 Attack and Defense. The skills he learned were also ordinary Attack Skills and Luck Skills.

But there was something extraordinary about him, which was his class specialty as a ranger. In the Class-A Trial at level 10, he found a hidden quest and completed it well. He got the hidden class specialty, Avenger's Wrath! When a hero was attacked by an enemy, he could use 50% of his stamina to deal three times the damage.

If he was lucky, he could deal 6x the damage, which was enough to instakill someone. Even if he wasn't instakilled, he'd have an overwhelming advantage. What did this mean? It meant that ordinary people weren't ordinary. Of course, even Master-Level Luck only had a 10% chance of dealing double the damage. It was obviously unreliable. Therefore, he needed the addition of treasures. For example, the most common item on the market was the Four-Leaves Luck + 1, the Luck Card + 1, the Advanced Treasure, the Gold Horseshoe Luck + 2, the velvet cloak + 2, and even the rare top-grade treasure, the Lion's Heart Crown, Luck + 3, etc.

In order to buy the entire set of lucky treasures, and to perfect his way of killing people in seconds, Sword from the West, a merchant who didn't know any Nautical Skills or Computer Skills, started his business career. Soon, Sword from the West realized that traveling businessmen were actually quite relaxed. Not only could they earn money by selling goods, but they could also earn extra experience, Reputation, equipment, and even treasure rewards if they sold goods the city needed.

In short, Sword from the West believed that his hidden special skill could change his destiny, and he would one day amaze everyone.

Opportunities were only given to those who were ready at any time, so for this day, he had one bottle of Red Potion and one Stamina Potion. In this game, potions were crucial items that could change the outcome of a battle. They were so expensive that ordinary games couldn't compare to them. This was also one of the main reasons why Mage players were so weak in the early stages of the game. With these two bottles of potions, One Sword from the West had enough confidence to fight one against two!

Not only that, Sword from the West would go to the Goddess' Altar in the city every time he went out to sea to pay respects, adding 1-3 temporary Luck points. Therefore, the Master-Level Luck Skill gave him 8 Luck points today, with a 16% chance of dealing twice the damage. Wind Dancer was a Dual Knife Warrior, so he was lucky with both strikes, so the chance of him dealing double damage was 32%, which was pretty high.

Today, during the business trip, the business channel in the area blew up. The famous Cannon Bro fleet was wiped out by the famous Ren Dafei. Sword from the West had heard of Da Fei before. In fact, businessmen were very boring, so most businessmen just left their ships to NPC sailors to deal with, read gossip on the forums, or watch movies online, or chat on the channel. It was impossible not to know about Da Fei. After all, businessmen were most sensitive to red names.

Sword from the West wanted to be famous. He also wanted to be known by everyone in the country like Da Fei. Of course, he didn't want to be famous like Da Fei.

Then, the big boss offered a price. Whoever gave a red packet or a human head would be compensated with a lower reputation. As a businessman, anyone could settle this debt. It was worth it. But even if the big boss was trustworthy, the problem was that the other party was a big ship. Would a merchant's boat catch up? Even if they did, what could a small boat do to him? If they couldn't catch up and couldn't do anything to him, wouldn't they be wasting their time getting the bounty?

While the others were still hesitating, Sword from the West, a merchant who didn't know any Nautical Skills, made the first move.

Maybe this was the opportunity he had been waiting for!

If he succeeded and got rid of this big name, he'd be able to make a name for himself. If he failed, he'd just be killed and given a reward. He wouldn't lose anything.

Now, the other party had agreed to let him get close. This was the first step to success! Opportunities had to be created slowly.

As he got closer, the ship was surrounded by a dozen small boats filled with goods. A few NPC sailors were busy loading and unloading the goods. The legendary Red Name squatted on the side of the boat, looking down at him. Under the sun behind him, the dark figure looked at him with an evil gaze.

He chuckled and said, "Bro, can you do me a favor? I don't have enough people here. Can you help me move it?"

(Looking for various votes)

C

"Yes."