Chapter 50: Converting Natural Specialty

After analyzing Katerina's inborn talent, it would be her professional talent, Master Appraiser. The key to unraveling the Renoir Skill Book was the amazing skill that could change his life. She liked to play with the telescope, so the Skill Book's tricks must be part of her job habits.

A typical pirate's job specialty was "Treasure Instinct." (Pirate Job Skill had five sub-skills, which were: Ship Driving Skill, Sea Battle Skill, Pirate Training, Ship Tracking, Treasure Instinct).

Her Master Appraiser skill, which was above basic skills, was also known as Professional Special Ability. For example, in the Japanese District of Hell, which currently had a market valuation of 6 million yuan, an ordinary Devil Hero's job specialty was Hell Gate, which was a higher-level skill than Hell Gate. The result of Specialization was the difference in market prices.

Heroes who specialized in jobs were definitely good heroes.

While the Hell Portal Master was a job-specific talent, it was in fact a natural talent, which was the same for new players who had yet to change their jobs. Similarly, the "Knight Model", which was valued at 3 million USD, was a high-level model for the Knight and Priest's public occupation specialty, "Blessing Ceremony," which was also a job-specific talent, and was also a natural talent.

This meant the hero was born for this field.

What did this mean? It meant that under normal circumstances, Katerina's Master Appraiser would also be a natural talent. But now, this talent was included in her professional talent.

Wasn't this the effect of his Voyager God-level Scroll? If he converted his innate talent to a professional talent, he'd have a new innate talent spot. That was to say, Katerina was a double-specialist hero!

At this point of analysis, Da Fei became even more excited! He looked at Katerina even more fanatically! Being an Epic Dual Talent Hero was a little hard, but she was still young, wahahaha!

However, as soon as he talked about her talent in appraising, Da Fei realized the name of the telescope in her bag was "Precision Artisan's Telescope"?

Da Fei checked the equipment and was stunned.

— Clever Artisan's Telescope: Increases Hero's Vision by 50%. Prices for selling this treasure increased by 300% with a famous Artisan's work.

Holy f*ck, this must be my gift to her, right? It was one thing for an appraiser to discover hidden treasures, but he could even identify the same treasure?

Da Fei asked in shock, "Baby, why are your binoculars different?"

Katerina was surprised. "Of course it's different. There's never been two identical leaves in the world, right?"

So that's how it is! In the eyes of ordinary players, leaves weren't that different, but the world in the eyes of a Master Appraiser was indeed different from ours. A Master Appraiser really had something.

Katerina smiled again. "Captain, think about it. There are so many valuable famous paintings and sculptures, and they all have counterfeits. Wouldn't people be deceived if they didn't know the real thing? This is a case of counterfeiting the fake. There's another situation, where real treasures are disguised, so as to prevent people from stealing them, they pretend to be ordinary items. Businessmen often do this. This is the hardest to see through."

Da Fei frowned. "Real-grade camouflage? Disguise it as an ordinary item? How so?"

Katerina smiled coyly. "There are all sorts of oddities. Legend has it that some treasures can pretend to have no attributes at all, no different from ordinary daily necessities. I heard the alchemists of the Silver Federation are masters. So, Uncle Barak just moved all the stuff on the ship, big and small, so his shop looks like a grocery store. It's very interesting. It's also my favorite place to play when I was young."

Da Fei couldn't help but nod. It seemed like there was a lot to learn about treasures in the game. Pirates were really artistic.

When he thought of disguising himself as some random item with no attributes, Da Fei suddenly thought of the classical flute he found in the sea chief's inventory. Would it have any connotations?

Da Fei quickly took out the flute from his bag. "Baby, look. This belongs to someone. Is there anything special?"

"Oh?" Katerina took the flute and looked at it. Her eyes lit up again!

There was a chance!

As expected, Katerina began to play the flute with all her focus. She looked excited and nervous.

Haha! She was so smart! Great! She was a hero! She was his favorite, wahahaha!

Now that his account was a nautical artist, a grandmaster, and had a double identity as an Appraiser Hero, he was definitely a money maker! If the prices in the game were as crazy as they were in the game, he could earn eight million yuan in one or two years. At the very least, he could earn a few million yuan in the market.

I've decided. I won't mention selling my account anymore! So what if I'm wanted by the whole server? Does that kid really think he's the boss of the server just because he's rich? He's delusional and sick. He needs to be cured! Don't let me see him, or I'll beat him up until he begs for food.

Finally, Katerina let out a long breath. "Captain, this must be a treasure. It must be a hunter's tool for summoning falcons. It's probably from the Elven Kingdom. I can't tell the rest."

Da Fei was overjoyed. "It's okay, it's okay! We just need to know it's a treasure. Thank you!" If even the Appraiser Hero couldn't recognize the treasure, it must be at least A-rank, right? There were plenty of Appraisers among the NPCs. He'd have to pay for it.

Katerina smiled. "Captain, where are we going now?"

Da Fei was stunned. "Where are we now?"

Katerina smiled. "The Jade Sea is not far from the Elven Kingdom, Roland."

Da Fei laughed. "Great! Let's go to the Elven Kingdom and find someone to recognize this treasure!"

Katerina smiled. "I heard that the goods from the Elven Kingdom make a lot of money in the Human Kingdom."

Da Fei nodded quickly. "Right, right, right. We'll start with the Elven Kingdom. Wahahaha!"

Katerina smiled. "As expected of the captain. I'll take the helm. I'll have to trouble you with the helm, captain?"

Da Fei chuckled. "No problem. Of course. A man should do manual labor like sails." "Baby, you should take off your clothes. You've been out in the rain all night. You should take a suntan, right?"

SV Fly began to ride toward its destination.

When Da Fei had time, he took out the hard-earned golden paper and took a deep breath, as if he could smell the sweat between his baby's breasts.

— System Message: Your innate talent, "Storm Voyager," is a rare nautical skill, which is compatible with the usage of the Voyager Wisdom Scroll. Do you want to switch your innate talent to a Voyager occupation skill?

— Yes!

The paper shard flickered with golden light and disappeared.

— System Message: Congratulations! You used one Skill Point to obtain the Voyager Class Special, "Storm Voyager."

— Storm Voyager: The safety of the hero's fleet during a bad storm increases, although the effect increases with the skill level of a Voyager. (Note: The hero needs to have a large Galleon sailboat with good resistance to waves and a better model. A large Galleon sailboat requires a hero to have a certain level of reputation before they can be purchased at the shipyard.)

Finally, it wasn't a wild talent anymore. As expected, it had an effect of increasing with the pro level! Finding an organization was really different. Haha! Wahahaha!

— System Message: You changed your innate talent to a professional talent. Now, you have a chance to pick a natural talent from a new skill. You can pick a skill from a skill to become your new talent.

As expected! I have dual talents now! Wahahaha!

But what skill should I use as a specialty? My current top skill is "Intelligence Analysis," right? Should I use it? No, no, no, why should I be anxious? I'm a Grandmaster now, how far am I from God-level? I'll wait until I learn God-level skills. I'm a God-level hero, I'm a God-level teacher. Wahahaha!

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.