Chapter 61: Markal'S Conspiracy

Markal looked at the unknown soul crystal in his hand and nodded. "This thing is interesting. I need to study it. Let's meet up next time."

The butler went forward. "Sir, please!"

What the heck, you're seeing me out? Without the Phantom Ballista to back me up, my trip to the Earth Sea would have been overkill! How would I know when you'd be free next time? Meeting important people in this game is not a casual thing. You can see them whenever you want. You either need to hand over tasks or use special items or events as an opportunity. Otherwise, the guard would just say politely, "Sir is busy. If there's nothing important, come back next time."

In that instant, Da Fei's mind raced. Where could he find any special items to see him? There were definitely no more items, but wasn't there just one incident? Why was Markal, a Death Lord, hiding in disguise in the human world for so many years? What did he want? He wanted to rule the world, right? Fighting was unreliable, so bribing people to form alliances was the right way, right? If so—

Da Fei quickly said, "Teacher, I'm actually here on an important mission for the Elven Kingdom. I'm here to save the World Tree from purifying the Pool of Light. The Elven Kingdom has also decided to help me with supplies, including expensive special equipment like wind-style magic circles and canvases. That's why I thought of the Phantom Ballista. Such a creative piece of equipment is definitely considered a special equipment. As long as it works at critical moments, it's fine. I'm your student now. If I save the World Tree, you'll be proud too! You're the true hero of the Alliance!"

Was the Elven Kingdom worth roping in? Even if you, the Liege of Death, didn't want to help the Elven Kingdom, you were a Grand Duke of the Union. You should pretend to be tired. I'm not afraid of trouble.

As expected, Markal was slightly stunned. "Save the World Tree? You're the one chosen by the Elven Kingdom?"

Haha! He knew about this too? Well, as a grand duke, it was impossible for him not to know about such a big thing in the neighboring country.

Da Fei quickly bowed and said, "I'm not talented. I'm a candidate recommended by the Elven Kingdom's City of Florin. I'll be underground in nine days! My ship is the St. Anthony given to me by Captain Renoir."

Markal said thoughtfully, "I see. There aren't many young people who can take on this difficult task at this stage. With your current situation, you're definitely the best."

Da Fei chuckled. "Thank you for the compliment."

Markal sighed. "But it's not that simple."

Of course, an epic quest was not easy. Why else would he look for you?

Dafei quickly said, "No matter how hard it is, I will do my best."

Markal shook his head and sighed. "The Elven Kingdom is thinking too simply. They think only scattered demons polluted the Pool of Light, and that sending a warrior down would solve the problem. In fact, once you go down, you could be surrounded and supported by demons from various planes."

What does each plane mean? What the heck, who cares how many planes you're in? I already accepted the mission, why talk about watermelon? Da Fei hurriedly said, "Is that so? Then, teacher, you have to help me!" Although this was our first meeting, and I got a master-disciple relationship with a 0 Trust Level, it didn't stop me from following you!

Markal sighed. "Our Guild of Light is united. If we lose, we lose. If our allies are in trouble, we can't just stand by and watch!"

It worked! Da Fei was overjoyed. "Thank you, teacher!"

Markal chuckled. "You may not know the temper of the elves, but they've always been cold, proud, and vengeful. In fact, I'm tired of the title of number one wizard. I did have some issues with them over the years, so I didn't want them to know I was helping them. I didn't want them to think I looked down on them and offended them."

Dafei quickly said, "The teacher is magnanimous. He's hiding his achievements and fame from them. If there's anything, just let the students do it!"

Markal chuckled. "See if I can help you with any problems right now?"

Wahahaha, what was supposed to happen had to happen!

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Teacher, I need the Phantom Ballista! I need Command Power! I need a powerful beauty sub-hero!"

Markal coughed and waved his hand. "Young man… there's no problem with the Phantom Ballista. Come find me on the eighth day. I'll gather all the materials to make one in the next eight days, but you have to give it back to me when you're done. This weapon can't appear in the world. Command power is fine too. Take my letter to the Naval Military Department in this city and report it. I'll appoint you as a Second Lieutenant intern in the navy. You can gain 100 Command power temporarily. The internship period will end after this mission. If you do well in your internship, I can consider promoting you to a regular officer. As for the rest, I can't help you."

Wahahaha! Done! It was really done! It was temporary, but how could a bomb not be temporary? Weapons were only useful if they were used before, so they could be used as pets. But I say, old man, if you can handle ballistas and officers, how hard can it be for a few pretty sub-heroes? I want to see your potential!

Da Fei quickly said, "Teacher, my team needs a nun hero to heal. I want to go to the Notre Dame Monastery outside the city and pick a nun hero to fight!"

Markal glanced at Katerina, who was next to Da Fei, and frowned. "There are plenty of heroes who can heal. Young people shouldn't be obsessed with women."

Da Fei became anxious. "Teacher, you misunderstood. I was afraid people would think I was obsessed with women, so I chose to hire pure and innocent nuns to be fair!"

Markal looked unhappy. "You can hire a male priest!"

F*ck! The old man was pretending to be tired and unhappy! But now that things had come to this, he wouldn't back down. The old man obviously needed his help now, so he wouldn't turn on him.

Dafei said anxiously, "Men can't heal them. They can't take care of the navy members, especially the mind. Teacher, you're a navigator. You know, it'll lower morale—"

Markal scolded, "Nonsense!"

Da Fei anxiously said, "Teacher, it's because I'm afraid hiring a male priest would misunderstand my sexual orientation and bring shame to the teacher!"

Markal said anxiously, "What does this have to do with me?"

Da Fei sighed. "Don't tell me even teachers can't make an exception for Notre Dame Monastery?"

Markal sighed. "The cloister is owned by the church. You don't have to give anyone face. I'll give you a referral letter. When you go to the military, find Ms. Tabia, the logistics officer. She's from the church, so you can ask her to take you to the cloister. If not, you can ask her to introduce you to some priests."

Da Fei nodded. He understood. The old man was afraid he'd be embarrassed if he was rejected too. It seemed like this monastery was really incredible. He didn't believe that the more you locked up, the more he wanted to go in. The more clothes you wore, the more he wanted to take them off. As soon as Da Fei mentioned taking them off, he remembered that Nanny Rong. His heart skipped a beat.

Markal completed a magic letter with a wave of his hand. He flicked his finger at Da Fei. "Alright, you can leave now."

Da Fei quickly said, "OK! I'll go right away."

As he turned around, Da Fei suddenly remembered something. "Teacher!"

Markal's beard shook. "What now?"

Da Fei smiled. "Teacher, I haven't changed classes yet. Do you have any powerful hidden classes for me—"

Markal clapped his hands. "Riel, see him out!"

The butler rushed forward. "Sir, please!"

Dafei said anxiously, "Hey hey!"

With a flash of white light, the scene changed. Da Fei returned to the teleportation circle at St. Paul's Office. What the heck, old man, you're not acting! You're not friendly, you're not upstanding, right?

However, this was more than half done. With the Phantom Ballista, he'd be able to do whatever he wanted. He was using an NPC for an Epic Mission to solve another Epic Mission. This was fighting poison with poison! Why was he so awesome? He was awesome! Wahahaha!

When he walked out of the door, a few players whispered, "He's out!"

"The name is turning white!"

What the heck! Am I starting to enjoy the paparazzi treatment? Fine, fine, you can keep following me. I'm going to blind your boss' rich eyes. Haha, wahahaha!

• • •

Markal Library.

A golden bat descended from the sky. When it landed, it turned into a middle-aged butler in a tuxedo. "Please tell me what to do."

Markal said in a low voice, "You infiltrated the Elven Kingdom and spread rumors on the Elven Kingdom's black market. Say that the Elven Kingdom sent a superhero to the Pool of Light, not only to wash away the pollution, but also to attack the Abyssal Blood Pool. You can also expose the location of the Abyssal Blood Pool. This news will definitely reach the elves and the demons."

The butler was surprised. "Why did you betray your teammate?"

Markal shook his head with a smile. "The demons are fighting over territories on the new continent. I want to distract them and test my new student. I think he's greedy. Maybe his ambition can make all the demons move."

"Got it."

Markal took out the soul crystal again. He nodded with satisfaction and disappeared.

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.