Chapter 68: This Enmity Is Great

() The darkness was so long. Da Fei felt himself moving. He was like a moving star in the endless darkness of the universe. Time and space became eternal. Da Fei knew his level had increased again.

The darkness shook violently. A beam of light cut through the endless darkness. A brand new world had arrived!

Da Fei stood up from the beer barrel. Serbia and a dozen stunned players greeted him.

Serbia said excitedly, "We're out!"

This was a big studio indeed. It was reliable. If he didn't confess now, when? Da Fei immediately said, "Follow me!"

Serbia nodded with determination. "OK! Please take care of me in the future!"

— System Message: Congratulations! Epic Hero Claire Serbia has become your sub-hero!

Wahahaha! Epic beauty hero! My darling, all my hard work was worth it! Da Fei laughed with tears streaming down his face.

The players shouted, "It's Da Fei! The wanted liar, Da Fei!"

"Oh my god! The nun's name has changed. Da Fei has made her a sub-hero!"

"What happened?! Why are you in the bucket?!" A female player named Xue Wei'an questioned angrily.

Da Fei sighed. I was looking for a hero, you were looking for a Banshee, and we went our separate ways. But things are different now. I've offended Xue Wei's Studio. Now, there's nothing else to say. You can either go your own way, or hunt me down to level zero. I'm wanted by the whole server, so I'm not afraid of trouble anymore.

Da Fei looked around the warehouse, which looked like a workshop. At the same time, the demoness, who was still Nanny Rong, stepped out of the barrel.

Xue Wei'an said angrily, "I'm asking you a question! Did you hear me?"

Da Fei sighed. "I heard you. I have nothing to say. What do you want?" What the heck, where was the exit?

Xue Wei'an said angrily, "I don't care what you did. Let's not talk about the hero. Hand over the demoness!" At this moment, a group of players surrounded them.

Da Fei frowned! Under normal circumstances, players' soldiers could only be stored in the camp outside the city and not brought into the city. But the Banshee Transformation was a special case, okay? The current situation was obvious. It must have been a fight, a forced kill.

Da Fei quickly said, "I'm not unreasonable, but you won't be able to take care of it. This is a Banshee Boss. It requires a high level of control."

Xue Wei'an was stunned. "You!"

He saw a closed door! Da Fei chuckled. "Anyway, thank you very much. If I need any help in the future, I'll return the favor! I'll take care of this Banshee for now. When your levels are higher, I'll return it to you. I'm busy now. Goodbye!"

"Stop!" Xue Wei'an shouted angrily, "Who would believe a liar like you? Surround him and don't let him go!"

F*ck! You think I'll let you surround me? I know there are a lot of people in your studio. If more than a thousand people surrounded me, I'd be jailed forever!

Da Fei didn't hesitate. "Run!"

Xue Wei'an was furious. "Kill the demoness!"

Da Fei anxiously said, "Hey hey! The consequences of having a red name are scary!"

— System Message: Confused! Your subordinates were attacked by players with blood on their totems. You can retaliate!

— System Message: Message! Your subordinate was attacked by a player's Bloodstained Silver Arrow, you can retaliate!

Oh no!

— System Message: Your unit, Deirdre, cast Great Charm on the enemy!

In an instant, a red mist filled the area, freezing all the players!

Da Fei was so shocked his eyelids jumped! A player was a hero, which was equivalent to an entire army. Was she using AOE Charm? He didn't think too much. He needed to run. It wasn't that he was afraid, it was that they weren't worth killing. Wahahaha!

Da Fei rushed to the door and realized he couldn't open it!

— System Message: There is an obstacle blocking the door!

Holy sh * t! They were doing this for the illegal crossing operation, weren't they? This big studio was so reliable! They could close the door and beat the dog!

Now that things had come to this, he had to make a prompt decision! While they were pinned down, he could counterattack! Da Fei waved his hand. "Kill!"

The Banshee chuckled. She raised her hand, and a fire snake shot out. The fire snake landed on the red-named player and exploded. The fire snake attacked non-stop, flying around the group of players. In an instant, damage values from "-35," "-17," "-8," "-4," "-2," and "-1" appeared.

This was the Banshee's special skill, Fire Chain Strike. After hitting a target, the target would be hit, and the damage would be halved to -1. Banshee's damage wasn't high, and its main purpose wasn't its damage output, but the enemy hit by the Banshee's Fire would have a Scorching effect, which could activate the Hell Hero's Class Skill, Hellfire.

— Hellfire: The Infernal troops have a chance to deal additional 30% Fire Damage to enemies hit by the Scorching effect.

At the same time, Scorching Effect was enhanced by Ice-type spells. The Banshee's crowd control skill, Chain Strike, and Scorching Effect made the Banshee a strategic weapon for the Infernal Race. It could be used by other races too.

How could he give up such a good soldier, and an instructor at that, who'd been with him for a whole century? If you offered me a high price of 100 thousand or so, I'd consider it. But things have gotten to this point. No negotiations can be trusted. I'm sorry!

At the same time, the young nun also made her move. A beam of golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, released the Master-level light spell, "Tenacious Force," increasing your Defense by 15!

15 Defense points! Master-level light spells! Master-level skills! No wonder you're my sweetheart! I have 45 Defense points and 100 HP. Can you do anything?

Da Fei charged forward confidently.

Another golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, released Master-level light spell, "Power of Righteousness," and your army attack increased by + 15!

Haha! Wahaha! What's next? Master-level Healing Skill, Vitality Regeneration? I'm not afraid of you!

Dafei shouted, "I want to fight 10 people!"

There was no suspense in the battle. With Da Fei's counterattack, the Boss-level Banshee's series of attacks, and the little nun's healing, all the players were killed.

At this moment, the sounds of objects moving and NPC guards yelling could be heard from outside the storeroom. "Who dares to break into the storeroom? Confess!"

This grudge was huge! Da Fei sighed deeply and walked to the door. "I'm sorry! I'll bail you out!"

• • •

Everyone in Xue Wei Studio was silent. Big sister Zhou Qingzheng was on the phone with the boss of the bloodstained Dragon Spear Studio.

"Sister Zhou, can you explain what happened? Two hundred members of our studio are in jail for NPCs. Why? Is it so Da Fei can hire heroes and Banshee?"

Zhou Qing was shaking all over. "Boss Scorpion, you don't have to say anything. Just treat it as a holiday for your teammates. We'll compensate for your losses!"

"Haha, Sister Zhou, what are you saying? When have we ever frowned at Sister Zhou's words? It's just that what happened tonight… anyway, with Sister Zhou's words, our brothers can have a good New Year."

Zhou Qing said coldly, "Going up a mountain of blades and going down a sea of flames? What do you think we should do with Da Fei, Boss Scorpion?"

"Haha, Sister Zhou, you just want to hunt him down to level zero. If our brothers are released, we won't earn gold anymore. We can focus on avenging Sister Zhou!"

Zhou Qing angrily hung up the phone. "Fine, fine. Gold coins all the time!"

At this moment, An Hong lowered her head. "Sister, I'm sorry… I didn't handle it well."

Zhou Qing sighed. "Don't say anything else. Contact Blood Sea Studio!"

(Requesting various votes)