Chapter 69: Back To Erolyn

() When Da Fei was bailed out of the game, he felt very relaxed.

The sky was so blue, the wind was so clear, the people's smiles were so kind. This was the joy of success, this was the achievement of harvest, this was freedom!

Now, Da Fei finally had a chance to check the nun's gender.

Crier? Serbia: Serbia was born in a single-parent seaman family. Every time her father came back from the sea, he'd bring her all sorts of fun products. Serbia also wanted to go out to sea with her father, but the rule in the kingdom forbade ordinary girls from going out to sea. As a result, she decided to be an extraordinary female. She sold the gifts her father gave her to sign up at the church to learn basic theurgy, showing her great talent. In 150 years, her father took on an extremely risky mission to explore the world. He sent the 10-year-old Serbia to a monastery for foster care. In the monastery, Serbia worked hard to learn theurgy, becoming an elite young nun, and looking forward to a new saintess.

Sexy: Quiet and virtuous, upright and inflexible

Loyalty: 90

Level: 20

Talent Skill: Song of the Sea. When a hero uses light magic on the sea, the effect increases with the level. For every level increase, the hero's effect increases by 1%. The effect applies after skills are added.

Hero Class: Master-level nun. Increases the effect of Light Magic by 25%, reduces damage received by the army by 25%, increases the army's health by 15%.

Class Special Skill: Indestructible Light, giving enemies a 25-50% chance of failing when using dark magic.

Command Power: 120

Attack: 0

Defense: 0 (Personal Defense 5)

Mana: 10

Knowledge: 20

Damage: 4-5

Health: 60

Attack Speed: 10

Movement Speed: 10

Equipment: Robe of the nun in white

Hero Skill: Master-level Light Magic (sub-skill: Master Youfu, Master of Anger, Master of Protection, Refining Magic, Glimmering Dawn)

Class Skill: Master-level nun (sub-skill: Youfu Ceremony, God's Awakening, Holy Body, Suppression of Darkness, Eternal Light)

• • •

This was the attribute of Serbia! This attribute was a battle-type Cleric custom-made for him! She was indeed the daughter of a seaman! No, she wasn't a Cleric, she was a nun with a special hero job! A nun had one attribute more than a Cleric and a Knight, giving 15% more HP to the whole army! This was almost 15% more than the number of troops. She was indeed a special hero job! There were hidden heroes in the game!

Among the five vocational skills of the nun, other than the blessing ritual, which added the whole army, the Divine Body, which enabled the hero to be immune to diseases, which was a common function skill for all Knights and Priests, there were three new skills!

Suppression of Darkness: When the enemy uses Dark Magic, the mana consumption is more than doubled.

Eternal Light: There is a 25-50% chance of failing when the enemy uses dark magic.

Call of God: Gather believers in the name of God. The nun increases basic Command Power by 100 points.

This was a nun's skill! As a hero related to an Epic-ranked mission, her suppressive darkness and Eternal Light were specifically targeted at the Liege of Death, Markal. As for the Divine Sense, it was equivalent to a nun being a second lieutenant from birth! No wonder she could command a Boss-level army!

The PvP earlier showed off the Banshee's power. Now, he could see her attributes.

— Deirdre: Little Boss-level Devil Creature.

Attack: 17

Defense: 13

Damage: 17-31

Health: 271

Attack Speed: 11

Cast Speed: Instant

Command Value: 80

Special Skills: Flying Creature, Charming Master, Chain Strike, Transformation, Banshee Trainer

80 Command Points! It really was a boss! If it was just basic Command Points, it really wasn't something non-Head players could do!

It really is a flying creature! What the heck! The wings of most Banshee soldiers are like the wings of a hen! The Boss is a Boss indeed! I've killed hundreds of Bosses, but this Banshee's HP, Defense, and Damage are all trash compared to a normal Level 6 soldier. How much points does this flying skill give her?

With the Flight Special Skill, it was almost impossible to kill on the battlefield. Angel, for example, during the open beta, many newbie players said it was too expensive. One Angel could buy three Level 6 Soldier Knights, and an Angel couldn't beat three Knights no matter what, so the price of an Angel wasn't as high as a Knight's! Indeed, one Angel couldn't beat three Knights on the ground, but three Angels could trample nine Knights without suffering any damage! Experts used their elite control skills to show off the advantages of the Flight Special Skill! Similarly, in the hands of an expert, the griffin of a Level 4 Human Soldier was also played to perfection. As for the Vampire, it was even more amazing. The Flight Special Skill was a test of skill and low skill level C +.

Since he could fly, there was no need to talk about the legendary Banshee's signature skill, Body Transformation. It was so embarrassing! As for the one in a million special skills trainer, there was no need to talk about it! If it wasn't for this special skill, why would he fall out with a big studio as a professional gamer?

Pfft! So be it. Humans always had to offend people. If they didn't offend people, they didn't stand on their own ground. The less they wanted to offend people, the easier it was for them to be bullied. Anyway, I admit defeat.

This was their big studio's territory, so they probably weren't happy about it. If they organized another group of hundreds of people to attack the Banshee on the street, it'd be problematic. They weren't afraid of being killed, but they were afraid of the Crippling Transformation Skill revealing their true form. Once their true form was revealed, the Banshee wouldn't be an NPC, but a regular soldier. The NPCs would force the Banshee to be stored in a camp outside the city. Normal soldiers couldn't use the Teleportation Portal, and the Transformation Skill obviously had a long cooldown. Wouldn't that be a huge mistake?

His top priority now was to bring Serbia to the Spirit Kingdom, Eloreen. After all, he was an honorary citizen there, so security was different.

Luckily, the big studio wasn't as crazy as Da Fei thought. After Da Fei picked up Katerina at the restaurant, the group of people returned to Elorine.

In less than a day in real life, Da Fei had another heroine. All of a sudden, all the business players were shouting and pointing fingers at him. Wow, hahaha, are you jealous? Scolding? Continue? The boss only gave you a day's work allowance? It really felt like a return to your hometown.

Go to the pier and see how my boat is doing.

At the dock, the giant SV Fly was dragged out of the water and propped up on a slider. Hundreds of workers were busily working on the surrounding ladders. The entire ship was painted green.

Hey! How do you paint like this? I don't want green paint!

Da Fei panicked. He quickly found someone who looked like a foreman and asked, "Can you change your color? I don't want a green one, I want a white one! A black one is fine too."

The worker bowed. "Sir, it's the ship's captain. You may not know this, but this isn't paint. This is the Vitality Plasma we gave to rotten wood. It's very expensive. Its function is like a catheter in a plant's body. Simply put, if your ship temporarily has a plant-like function, it can fully absorb life force. Sir, do you understand?"

Da Fei was enlightened. "I see! Thank you."

The foreman shook his head. "It's because this ship has value. Do you believe the ship is alive too?"

Everyone has their own consciousness! Da Fei chuckled. "I believe you. This is a cursed and blessed ship. Lifeless things won't be cursed with blessings."

The foreman nodded with satisfaction. "It's great that you think this way. This ship is cursed. It's crying. Please treat it well. It'll surprise you."

Dafei was surprised. "Surprise means?"

The foreman said seriously, "To grow like a lifeform and have skills like a lifeform!"

Da Fei's eyes widened! What the heck, this meant the ship could be upgraded too. The ship had skills too?

Just then, a guard ran over. "Mr. Da Fei, the mayor has an emergency to see you. Please follow me. Sir, please!"

Important? It's not the time to leave yet? Fine, I need to talk to him. Like Uncle's flute, or a Banshee camp, hahaha!

(Note: Serbia's Light Magic Skill Introduction.)

Master Youfu: Increases the shape of the target by giving "extraordinary power" and "Magic Cleansing" spells, while increasing the mana consumption by multiple times.

Master of Fury: Give "Righteous Power" and "Rapid Movement" spells an increase in group forms. At the same time, your mana consumption will be doubled.

[Protection Master: Gives "Tenacious" and "Rotating Bullet" spells an increase in group form. At the same time, consumes mana by multiple times.]

Light Dawn: Increases the hero's light and dark magic effects by 5%

Spirit Refining: Reduces the mana consumption of spells cast by the hero and his team by 20%.