Chapter 63: Encountering Xue Wei Studio

At dusk, the middle-aged woman arrived at the Notre-Dame Monastery on a freight train. Dafei, wrapped in a sack, was among a group of vegetables.

When the car stopped, Da Fei heard Nanny Rong's gloomy voice. "Why are you so late?"

The reason it was so late was, of course, to cover Da Fei's Stealth Move. Otherwise, even a Grandmaster-level Stealth Move could not be ignored in front of everyone. But it couldn't be too late either. If it was too late, it would be more suspicious and more noticeable.

The woman said, "The food delivery boat is late."

Nanny Rong snorted, then used the broom to sweep the dirt under the cart. In the words of a monastery, it was to prevent dirt from entering a holy monastery, but it was actually a checkpoint.

Feeling the rhythmic knocking of the broom, Da Fei's heart leaped into his throat. He'd see if he succeeded or not. If he didn't pass the first level, all his plans would be for naught.

All of a sudden, Nanny Rong raised her triangular eyes and glared at the car like a hawk! With a loud bang, the broom shook the car!

"What is this?!" Nanny Rong screamed.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat.

"What's the big deal?" The woman sounded annoyed.

Nanny Rong said angrily, "Don't think I can't see the rotten potatoes! You greedy dwarf, you must have pocketed the food!"

The woman was furious. "Nonsense! There are no rotten potatoes!"

Nanny Rong peeled some potatoes and took out some soybeans. "Is this true? Don't think you can get away with this just because it's getting dark!"

The middle-aged woman jumped onto the car seat. With one hand on her hip and the other pointing at Granny Rong, she yelled, "Old woman, open your mouse eyes and see! These are potatoes, not rotten potatoes! They're made for soup!"

Granny Rong said angrily, "The soybeans are rotten potatoes! They're not ripe!"

"Have you seen 6 coppers and 1 pound of rotten potatoes?"

"Nonsense. Let me see the bill! You were the one who pocketed the allowance!"

"It's none of your business. You have the right to see the bills!"

Their argument alarmed the group of nuns in the yard. Everyone tried to persuade them. "It's okay. Delivery is more important."

The short woman said angrily, "I'm leaving if you don't explain yourself! Why are you accusing me of embezzling food?"

Granny Rong was furious. "With your guilty conscience, I could tell you were up to something!"

The short woman kicked the carriage and shouted, "Nonsense! If you say I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost! Why don't you just be a judge?"

Granny Rong said angrily, "What are you shouting for? The more you yell, the more guilty you sound!"

Everyone said, "OK, OK! Stop fighting…"

"Let's forget it! Let's go in!"

The middle-aged woman wailed, "No, I'm not going in. She said I was embezzling food fees!"

Granny Rong said angrily, "What do you want?"

"Apologize!"

Nanny Rong screeched, "I've never apologized to anyone in my life!"

• • •

— "How dare you! Everyone, get into position!" A stern voice came from the door, seemingly alerting a big shot.

As a result, Nanny Rong snorted and left. The short woman wiped her tears and drove toward the backyard without saying a word. Everyone left.

Da Fei, who was covered in cold sweat, breathed a sigh of relief. He had finally passed the difficult first level. The tawdry woman vs the woman, the tit for tawdry. This was a war between the women. There was no room for men to interfere! It seemed like Markal really knew how to use women!

Details determined success or failure. There were too many things planned for this operation in a small potato!

In front of a Saintess-level expert like Nanny Rong, any guilty conscience wouldn't escape her triangular eyes. The soybean could attract her attention and make use of the distraction. The second step was to use the soybean as an excuse to fight and further distract Nanny Rong. The third step was to take advantage of the situation and make a big deal out of it, attracting everyone in the yard. Then, not only would it be harder to notice Da Fei with all the commotion, but everyone could also persuade him to give up the chance to escape. The fourth step was to make the middle-aged woman refuse to leave, so as to stall for time until the sky turned dark! Only when the sky turned dark could Da Fei's hiding place be successful. Otherwise, it'd be hard to deal with him if he just let them go.

The art of espionage didn't lie in seemingly unremarkable technology like 007, nor in the fact that he wasn't handsome at all, but in the fact that he was an unremarkable potato and an average middle-aged woman.

By the time the carriage reached the backyard, it was already dark. With so many people around, the woman's sturdy body became the best cover for Da Fei. He used his Grandmaster-level Stealth Move to enter the storeroom.

The second level was a success! The storeroom was the most laxly managed place in the whole monastery. Very few elderly maids patrolled the place, making it the most likely place to hide people.

Now, he needed to find her. As long as he could find her, he'd bring her to the storeroom to meet him in private! He could use the relic attack to take care of her within minutes!

The middle-aged woman said, "Elsa, did you drop this?"

"No, Ms. Tabia."

"An Beier, did you drop this?"

"Hehe, no. But I can help Ms. Tabia find the owner."

"It's okay. I'll find it myself. If I can't, it's mine. Wahahaha!"

"Ms. Tabia… you…"

"What about me?"

"You're so immoral!"

"Nonsense. Can't you see I'm looking for the owner? I have half of my integrity!"

Wahahaha, the nun has a beautiful voice. She's like an angel. Serbia, what's your name now? Here, I love you!

Soon, the middle-aged woman said, "What? Neither? I'll have to come tomorrow."

Needless to say, he didn't find her. Sigh, he had to wait. He had eight days of game time. He heard from the auntie that there were no men at the cloister. The young nuns were usually responsible for odd jobs, so the chances of encountering Serbia were very high.

Outside the storeroom, the sound of the carriage stopped. The auntie had left. Da Fei began to think of how to get away after he succeeded. This was the hardest part. Based on the current plan, it was best to start a fire in the storeroom. Then, as a brother hero, Serbia could pretend to get water and put out the fire. Then, they could escape. Hehe!

Female heroes were rare, and female heroes of special professions were even rarer. A nun was undoubtedly a heroine of a special profession, and she was definitely worth all the effort to get her hands on. This was a symbol of status, status, and power! In the whole world, how many people could be as amazing as him? With his incredible means, his extraordinary intelligence, and his unparalleled skills as a grandmaster, he could sneak into a cloister! He was a true god-level hero!

As he reveled in the sensation, footsteps came from outside the storeroom.

Da Fei was stunned. Someone? A nun?

A group of people entered the dark storeroom. Da Fei couldn't help but widen his eyes! What the! Female—Play—Home!

In this world, there were some places where men couldn't enter no matter how talented they were, but women could come and go as they pleased. For example, the women's bathroom or the women's bathhouse. I used all sorts of methods just to enter a women's bathhouse!

— Ah! Da Fei almost spat out a mouthful of blood.

At this moment, these names were all emblazoned with things like Xue Wei's Sacred Blood Spear, Blood Wei Rose, and Sacred Blood Sword. The female players snuck into the storeroom and started forming a circle.

Da Fei was shocked. Xue Wei? Xue Wei Studio? Oh my god! It's from this city. This city is also the most popular beauty studio in the country! It's not as big as Starry or the Dragon Slayer, but it's still pretty famous! Isn't their boss this Xue Wei Rose? Legend has it that she once competed with my dream lover, Bu Feiyan, for the title of the annual geek goddess, but she still lost to Starry?

If this was Xue Wei Studio, it meant that not just anyone could enter this cloister, not even female players. They had to be at a very high level. With this in mind, Da Fei felt a little better. What were they doing? Should he ask them for help?

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.