Chapter 67: The Power Of The Big Workshop

() After Da Fei gave Serbia a chance to talk, Serbia left at night, leaving the naked Banshee alone with Da Fei.

"Don't touch me!" The monster pushed away Da Fei's hand impatiently.

Hey, you're not being serious! If Little Goody told you to hide with me, you'd have to listen to her, even if you were the boss. When I take in Little Goody, you'd be mine too. Wahahaha!

Da Fei hugged her fearlessly and chuckled. "Be good! This place is small. Don't move around! Otherwise, we'll be found out!"

The demoness snorted. "Men are like this!"

Wahahaha, this is a demoness! That's right, men are all like this! If you know, don't pretend to be serious. Since you have nothing to do now, let me test you, a demoness!

Da Fei blew into her ear and chuckled. "Baby, what skills do you know?"

The demoness turned and winked at him. "You want to know?"

Haha, shit! Da Fei nodded. "Yes!"

The demoness laughed even harder. "It's hell!"

Wahaha! Hell?! My sweetheart said you can't attack me. The so-called hell is just making me lose my life, right? Come on, I'll fight you until morning! Let me see your hell!

Dafei said, "I just want to see hell!"

The demon moaned. "Then you have to hold me tightly. Don't let go!"

Da Fei nodded with a greedy smile. "Baby, how could I let you go? Do whatever you want!"

The Banshee chuckled. A faint red light glowed from her body, and her body started to distort. When the red light faded, a nun in a black robe and a black headscarf appeared in Da Fei's arms.

Da Fei was shocked. "Transformation!"

The nun said hoarsely, "Yes!" Then, she turned around!

Wait! This voice, this body shape, this feeling… it didn't feel right! Da Fei had a bad feeling.

The nun turned and grinned. "Hold me tight!"

Nanny Rong!!! At this moment, Da Fei's breathing stopped! Da Fei's time stopped! Da Fei's world began to collapse! The endless abyss opened its door for Da Fei!

"Nanny Rong" hugged Da Fei's neck and laughed. "Why are you staring?"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood on her face! He quickly pushed her away, not wanting her to cling onto his neck!

"Ah! You're touching my chest!"

Another mouthful of blood. Da Fei didn't dare to push her anymore. He shouted, "OK! OK! I know your skill. Turn back!"

"Nanny Rong" hugged him even tighter. She moaned in a hoarse voice, "I can't change back! It'll take a while!"

"Don't let go!!!" Da Fei struggled with all his might!

"Nanny Rong" pouted. "Be good! This place is small. Don't move around! You'll be found out!"

Pfft…

Xue Wei Studio was very busy.

Big sis Zhou Qing, holding a cup of espresso, was extremely excited. "Xiaoyue! Did you find out what kind of mission could make a nun go out on her own?"

Xiao Yue answered without thinking, "There are five tasks at the cloister that allow the nuns to go out on their own. They have to appease the victims of disaster, celebrate festivals related to gods, invite weddings and funerals for the nobles, bury the bodies of many soldiers, and donate in the name of the gods. The most suitable time to go out is the Mass in two months. Most of the nuns will go out then. It's easy to sneak out."

Zhou Qing gritted his teeth. "No. The demoness is in danger of being exposed every day she stays here. Let's set the place on fire!"

Xiao Yue said, "Sister, don't be impulsive. There's something else. The vineyard of our cloister is a special industry for the raw materials of the 'Goddess' brand winery 'for the Duke of Wimbledon. The Duke of Wimbledon is a pervert. He's crazy about the grapes used by the nuns in the cloister. He believes that the grapes picked by young nuns are the purest. When his winery starts, he'll invite young and pretty nuns to drink naked and step on the juice while sweating in the wine slots, and he'll call it' The Goddess's Blessing. 'Many important people in the city will be invited to the winery to watch. The squeezed original grape juice will be priced by big shots, and the big shots will also generously donate to the cloister."

"Wow! This is crazy!" All the girls in the studio exclaimed.

Qiqi smiled. "Why don't we also sell clothes and wine?"

Xiao Yue stared at him. "Are you a virgin? Are you holy? Did you wash up after peeing?"

Qiqi said angrily, "You… you're a virgin. You're the one who pooped!"

The girls laughed. "It's good if it's not washed!"

Zhou Qing waved his hand. "Stop messing around! Stop messing around! And? What do you mean?"

Xiao Yue chuckled. "As long as we send people to destroy all the grapes in the winery, the perverted marquis will have to start work again. He'll have to ask our monastery for more grapes. Then, the girls can leave!"

Zhou Qing was stunned. "Smash the wine cellar?"

Xiao Yue nodded. "That's right. It's better than burning down the monastery! If the monastery is exposed, we'll all have to leave. The risk is too high."

Zhou Qing nodded. "What do you think?"

The girls laughed. "Do you want that Scorpion Manager to be a sucker again?"

Zhou Qing snorted. "We're the ones who raised these low-level workshops. We're asking them to work for us."

Xiaoyue snorted. "Right. If we posted anything online, who knows how many studios would come knocking on our door? Not to mention a liquor store, even the palace would be ruined!"

The girls laughed.

Zhou Qing clapped his hands, "Alright, it's decided. We'll work until the end. Xiaoyue, the task of getting out of the house will depend on you. Shufen, your team will go to the vineyard to harvest the grapes. Meiling, you can put all the empty buckets in the storage yard. Qiqi, when you go out, your team will distract the old woman guarding the door! An Hong, contact the other team members and arrange a location near the winery. Anyways, this is a matter of whether we can hire a hero or not, and whether we can save the female instructor. Everyone has to do their best and finish this quickly!"

"OK."

• • •

Night had passed, and day had arrived. There was a lot of hustle and bustle outside the warehouse. It was obvious that Xue Wei was making a big move. What Da Fei didn't know was that a professional player team was making a bigger move in St. Paul City.

Hundreds of players attacked an NPC liquor store one after another, ignoring the NPC guards' attempts to destroy the place. Then, the NPC guards arrested all of them, making everyone confused about their motives.

As the boss of the bloodstained Dragon Spear Studio, Scorpio felt very depressed. You're asking me what I'm doing? I don't know what I'm doing either. Tell them there's a God-grade weapon in the wine cellar! Otherwise, they'd think I was a slut. F*ck! I'm a slut! Everyone is locked up for five or six days during the New Year. What's the point?

With the help of a large team, the escape plan began step by step.

Da Fei didn't need to worry about any of this. He was enjoying the pleasures of hell. He felt as if a thousand years had passed. Ten thousand years! He felt as if he had experienced countless cycles. Why was his life so long?

Da Fei understood now! The scariest thing about a Banshee wasn't how to turn into a beautiful woman and make a man's soul fly out of his body. It was how to turn into a nanny and make a man's soul fly out of his body! Since he understood now, the color was either empty or colorless. A Banshee was a Banshee. A nanny was a Banshee! Zhuge Liang was an ugly wife, so what if he hugged a nanny?

As an expert and a professional gamer, it wasn't enough to just improve one's level in one's long life. One had to explore some practical questions to prepare for future development. For example, the Banshee's body metamorphosis was a NPC and the Banshee's spy skill. This meant that the Banshee could use the Teleportation Portal, greatly avoiding the problem of soldiers not being able to use the Teleportation Portal, so he could bring her onto the ship. Otherwise, transporting troops from St. Paul's Harbor to Erolyn would take at least three days. By then, his Epic Mission would have been over.

Then, they talked about the Banshee camp. The Infernals' special feature was Army Space Transfer, which was what the Infernals used to dominate various worlds. In other words, the Infernals' camp didn't need territories or populations (it'd be better if they had territorial populations). The camp was just a portal. As long as the camp was fixed, the corresponding soldiers could be summoned. The number of soldiers depended on the instructor's summoning ability.

If so, could he build a Banshee camp on the ship? Ships were mobile territories! If his ship could recruit Banshee, he'd have more confidence in these operations. But the Banshee said the biggest problem with building a summoning circle on the ship was that the ship was mobile, so the coordinates were uncertain. This was a problem. He needed to discuss more with the Banshee.

Night arrived.

Light footsteps came from the darkness. Nanny Rong let go of her hand and called out, "Master!"

My darling, you're finally here! In that instant, it was as if a ray of sunlight had shone into the darkest depths of hell. Da Fei's tears streamed down his face. He could still cry!

Serbia said softly, "There's no one here. Hide in the empty buckets on the cars outside!"

Dafei nodded with tears in his eyes. "It'll be up to you!"

The entire backyard was filled with grape pails within a day. Some were filled with grapes, while some were free. It was obvious that Xue Wei's intention was to get people out of the place by mixing them in.

Serbia pointed at an empty bucket. "Squeeze in, both of you!"

Dafei said in shock, "Why do we have to share a barrel with two people?"

Serbia said softly, "Then the chance of being found is 50% lower!"

— Ah!!!

Nanny Rong smiled and hugged Da Fei. "Sir, let's keep going!"

Da Fei nodded numbly. He suddenly realized that his level had increased. Mountains weren't mountains, water wasn't water.

(Looking for various votes)