Chapter 62: Infiltration Plan

Shumilouco

With the paparazzi following him, Da Fei swaggered toward the St. Paul Navy's Military Department. He waved the letter, and the guards immediately entered.

The paparazzi exclaimed, "He just came out of the duke's mansion and he's already in the military? This is crazy!"

Wahahaha! See? I'm crazy! You want to mess with me? Welcome, you're going to be the director of the Poverty Alleviation Office.

"Stop! Idle people are not allowed in!"

Ah? Da Fei looked back in shock. Katerina was stopped by the guards. There were rules? Da Fei had to say to his equally shocked heart, "Wait for me at the hotel."

Katerina chuckled. "OK, Captain."

Hmph, I'm not giving you paparazzi a chance to harass my darling. Wait for me at the hotel. I can finally say something cool, haha.

With the guards' guidance, Da Fei went to the officers' report.

A chubby officer with an arrogant expression sat behind the desk. He glanced at Da Fei and snorted. "Which part?"

Da Fei took out a letter. "An adult recommended me."

The officer snorted and took the letter. He opened the letter and said coldly, "I don't care who recommended you. You have to listen when you're with us. Otherwise, we'll show you how ruthless military law is—"

The fat officer stopped talking. He stared at the letter for a while, then stared at Da Fei.

Da Fei sneered in his heart. Did my background scare you? Why are you acting so cocky? Hurry up and help me clean my shoes. It feels so good to cling to power! Wahahaha!

"Hmph!" The officer snorted and sat up straight. "From now on, you're an internship second lieutenant. Anyway, since you know your own background, you should be even more disciplined. Don't embarrass that man and ruin his reputation, or else… military law will punish you!" As soon as he finished speaking, he slammed a epaulet on the table.

Da Fei was shocked! Not only did this guy not clean his shoes for him, he even dared to challenge him. Was he some old ruffian soldier? Whatever. He was an extra anyway. He didn't want to see this guy.

Da Fei chuckled. "You're right—"

The fat officer shouted, "Who's being cheeky with you?! Call me sir! This is the army!"

What the heck, why are you so awesome?

Da Fei raised his hand and saluted. "Yes, sir!"

"Idiot! It's the other hand!"

Da Fei had to switch hands. "Yes, sir!"

F*ck you! Advanced? Advanced my a * s. I'd rather be a pirate and send a fat pig like you into the sea to be fed to the turtles than be a regular army! Are you trying to be a pain in the ass? You can just make me a commander.

The chubby officer was satisfied. "You have an adult's task. Take care of your rank and go do your own things."

— System Message: You have received the rank of Second Lieutenant intern in the Guild of Light Navy. Your Command Power has increased by 100 temporarily.

— Novice Guide: Rank and official status can greatly increase your Command Power, but rank and official Command Power are fixed values, not limited by hero jobs, leadership skills, or treasures.

Da Fei continued to salute. "Sir, I want to see the logistics officer, Ms. Tabia."

The fat officer was surprised. "Logistics officer? Ma'am? Is there such a person?" Then, he laughed. "Go find him in the cafeteria."

"Yes, sir!"

With the guards' guidance, Da Fei went to the military's backyard. He found Ms. Tabia, whom Markal mentioned was from the church, among a bunch of handymen. He was stunned!

What the heck! I thought it was a beautiful Paladin or a beautiful Priestess. Turns out it was a short, chubby woman! No, it was a female Dwarf Aunty! This, this guy was obviously a cook. Was this the logistics officer Markal mentioned? But how could a big shot like Markal know about a girl with small feet? Was the woman powerful? She didn't have a halo underneath her feet. She was just an ordinary NPC, not even a hero?

"Tabia, someone is looking for you!"

The short woman turned her head impatiently. "Say it, I'm busy!"

Da Fei took out the letter. "An adult asked me to bring this."

"Lord?!" The short woman grabbed the letter impatiently. Her body shook like a wine barrel! Her expression, her eyes filled with tears—damn! Old man, what do you like?

The short woman reacted and waved her hand. "Come to the storeroom!"

In the storeroom filled with food, the middle-aged woman asked in a shaky voice, "What do you need, sir?"

Hey, why are you so excited? I'm not interested in gossiping about the middle-aged woman. Let's get down to business.

Da Fei said, "Sir, please help me find a nun hero at Notre Dame Monastery."

The short woman was shocked. "Take you to the Holy Mother's Monastery? Impossible! No man has been able to enter the monastery for six hundred years! Not even the emperor!"

Da Fei was stunned. "What? The adults said you came from a church?"

The middle-aged woman sighed. "When I was a child, I was saved by the kind sir and sent to the cloister to grow up. Then, I was assigned to work here. My job was to deliver food to the cloister. How could someone like me do the job?" She choked up. "I… I'm so useless. I don't even have the power to repay you…"

Hey, hey, hey, don't cry. It's not my fault. It's my fault!

Da Fei hesitated. Old man, you're so unreliable. How could you ask a middle-aged woman for help when you couldn't even handle something as important as this?—Wait! Food delivery?

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Did the old man mean he could sneak in while he was delivering food? What the heck! This was the only way. If the high-end route didn't work, he could make use of it!

Da Fei quickly asked, "What do you use to deliver food?"

The short woman said, "We have to send a carriage every day. There are thousands of people at the cloister."

Carriage! I see!

Da Fei chuckled. "I have an idea. You can sneak me into the groceries."

The woman was shocked. "But they're really strict, especially Yumina, the gatekeeper. They always check the bottom of the car."

Da Fei was shocked. "Yumina, you mean the old woman guarding the door?"

The short woman waved her hands in shock. "She's the 36th Saintess. She has incredible power. There are very few powerful people with that level of power in the whole Guild of Light. Legend has it that even the adults may not be her match!"

— Ah! Granny Rong was a Saintess! The image of a Saintess instantly crumbled in Da Fei's mind.

Da Fei calmed himself down. "I have Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill. I can learn Disguise right away. Is this okay?"

The short woman was surprised. "Grandmaster level? No wonder she was sent by the lord." She frowned and said, "But even if she's a grandmaster, in such a small carriage—anyway, I'll fight with her and distract her. Hopefully, she'll pass."

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Great!"

The woman continued, "Once you sneak in, you have to find a way to hide and not run around. I won't be in the cafeteria for long, and I can't just walk around. But when unloading supplies, there will be nuns on shift to help, so we have to look for people among the nuns who always help. This isn't something that can be done in a day or two. You have to be prepared to stay hidden for a few days. I come every day."

Da Fei nodded. "I understand." How many people in the world could reach his level with his Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill?

The short woman nodded. "I grew up doing odd jobs at the monastery's cafeteria. I basically know all the nuns. What's the name of the girl you're looking for?"

As long as they knew each other. Da Fei happily said, "It's called Serbia!"

The short woman was stunned. She shook her head. "There's no such person!"

No way? Was the diary really nonsense? Da Fei said in shock, "How could it not be?"

The short woman shook her head. "A nun wouldn't use this name. Maybe she used to have this name, but she had to change her name to something like Na, Sha, Er, etc."

What the heck, he was acting like a thief to begin with, and now he didn't even know his name. This level of difficulty really hurt me.

Not to mention if the diary was reliable, even if she was a hero, how capable could a 15-year-old girl be? Was it worth the trouble? Yes, it was. He had nothing to do anyway.

Da Fei took out the flute. "This might be the only token. Maybe she knows it!"

The short woman nodded. "Oh, okay. Leave it to me. I'll let her see it. Then, get ready. I'll send the food right away."

"No problem!" Da Fei took out the Reconnaissance Skill Book. A golden light flashed.

— System Message: You spent 1 Skill Point to learn Reconnaissance Skill sub-skill "Disguise."

(Looking for various votes)

C

"Yes."