Chapter 66: Escape From The Monastery

At this moment, Da Fei, dressed in the captain's uniform, looked at the shocked Serbia.

Hmmph, did he think of his father's expedition? Did he think of the call to the sea? Did he miss the freshness of the sea breeze? Did he miss the cries of the seagulls? He said, "Take your instructor and go with me!"

Trembling, Serbia took out the flute. "You gave this to me?"

Da Fei nodded. "That's right. Do you want to see your father?" Humph, if you think your father is still alive, I'll take you away first. Then, if you ask where your father is, I'll point to my ship—this is where your father fought when he was alive. You can inherit his legacy, wahahaha! If you really can't, I'll take you to Miracle Island and bury Uncle Juan's body. You can say goodbye.

Serbia shook his head. "Thank you. After the kingdom announced my father's death, I became a lifelong nun of the church. I have nothing to do with the world anymore. Besides, the presence of this flute means my father is really dead."

Da Fei was shocked. "Dizi? How do you know?"

Serbia sighed. "This is my father's blood flute. There's a spirit eagle inside. Under normal circumstances, the flute would be red. When my father died, the spirit eagle would disappear, and the flute would turn gray."

Da Fei was stunned! So this treasure came from this? What's the use of this Spirit Eagle?

Serbia returned the flute to Da Fei. "Thank you. I don't need this anymore. If you get it to the Elven Kingdom, they can teach you how to use it. Please inherit my father's will and use it well."

— Pfft! The silly girl was trying to persuade me to inherit the will. Do you know what your father's will is?

Da Fei anxiously said, "So, you have to stay here your whole life? And end up like that Rong… Yumina?"

Serbia nodded. "Yes."

Are you kidding me? You're only 15-years-old! A little girl who goes to the beach all the time is suddenly destined to be a nanny? You're not going to be so ruthless, are you? You're not giving me a difficult job as a hero, are you?

Da Fei sighed. "If you're not related to the world anymore, why did you come see me?"

Serbia sighed. "Missing. Curious."

At the end of the day, she was still a young girl. So this was the case! If relics didn't work, he'd have to use his ultimate move! He wanted to use this move right away on the island, but he didn't dare to do it since it would be too dangerous if he was exposed.

Da Fei took out the uncle's logbook and flipped to the page in the bookmark. "At this point, I can tell you this is all a scam! The mastermind behind the scam is someone we can't deal with!"

Serbia was shocked. "What is this?"

Da Fei sighed. "This is a big secret! If it's made public, the consequences would be unthinkable. You can bury the truth in your heart forever and die of old age in this cloister. You can also leave with me and do what you need to do. Of course, this requires a lot of courage!"

Holding his father's journal, Serbia was shaking with fear, tears streaming down his face!

Maybe! Let me comfort your helpless heart.

Da Fei gently hugged the petite nun and said firmly, "I'm your student. I inherited your will, but I'm not strong enough to uphold justice. I need help!"

Serbia turned his head and wiped his tears and snot on Da Fei's uniform. He took a deep breath and said firmly, "OK, I'll help you! We have to do justice for my father!"

Wahahaha! Success! The hero in the diary had to be won over by the diary!

Da Fei said excitedly, "Then, join me and be my sub-hero!"

Serbia shook his head. "I'm not free yet. I have to leave this place. Is there any way to take me away?"

Da Fei was stunned! Freedom? There was a prerequisite for hiring heroes? It made sense. When he recruited Katerina, he first left the Barren Islands, then he recruited her.

So that was how it was. If he could recruit them now, what difficulty would there be? He could just kill his way out. Even if both of them died in battle, the sub-hero would be in the Player's sub-hero space. The Player could just revive and go back to the city to find the Hero's Altar to revive. It would be the same as reviving pets in games. In the end, heroes like them all had missions, unlike the heroes in the taverns who had free bodies.

But it didn't matter. Escape was easy. He had planned this all along. He'd kill people in the dark of the moon and set the sky on fire. He'd just build a fire here.

Da Fei blurted out, "Set fire, of course! Run away during the chaos!"

Serbia was shocked, then shook his head. "No! I can't do this! I made a big mistake escaping on my own. If I set fire and killed people, it would be an unforgivable crime. Even if the kingdom didn't catch me, God would punish me."

Da Fei was stunned! Are you trying to make things harder for me? I have to work so hard even with the Grandmaster-level Stealth Move. How did you get out?

Da Fei said, "Can we ask Auntie Tabia's car to secretly pick us up?"

Serbia frowned. "It's hard to say. Yumina at the door is amazing. We have to name our classes. If I'm not here, something will happen."

Isn't this a pain in the ass? Da Fei set his sights on the bare ass monster next to him. This monster couldn't bring 40 Command Points, so it was definitely a Boss. Of course, the Boss' skills were awesome and worth using.

Da Fei asked, "What do you have?"

The monster tilted her head and snorted.

F*ck! No bird bro! Just wait, when I get this girl, I'll deal with you!

Serbia shook his head. "No. This is the monastery. There are too many powerful nuns. Her skills won't fool Yumina."

It was Nanny Rong again! Could he not mention Nanny Rong? Da Fei was driven crazy. Was there really no other way?

Who cares about the consequences? Start a fire! As long as you make a big deal out of this, you can only follow me when you make such a big mistake. I don't believe I can't take you down!

Ah, no! She had a bare ass monster with her now! Even if she set fire to the place, a monster as noticeable as this wouldn't be able to escape those old maids' sharp eyes! This monster instructor wasn't ordinary. Why did the high-end studios bother? If she died, it'd be a huge loss!

Come to think of it, if you looked at her from the front, she was actually not bare-chested or had panties. What was the saying? In the past, she'd flip open her underwear to look for her butt, now, she'd flip open her butt to look for her underwear! Ah, right, this was the kind of underwear! And her big white boobs were even more amazing. She only had two pieces of tape to cover the grape. This really made men want to bleed! No wonder Xue Wei and her group of women were so shocked just now. This really wasn't something an oriental person could do. What the heck, why was I so distracted? In any case, I had to find a way to keep this kind of stunner!

Hm? Xue Wei? Oh no! I have a plan. Xue Wei!

What solution? The solution was to let others think of a solution! When I was doing multi-level marketing, how did the cadres trick us?

— It's okay if you think you can't do business if you don't have the ability. Your friends should have the ability, right? As long as we all work toward the same goal…

Common benefit my ass. Smart people could kill idiots!

Isn't Xue Wei's group of cold and elegant women thinking of targeting my sweetheart tomorrow? Haha, just like me, we have common interests here! I can't do anything, so I'll have to trouble you.

Da Fei chuckled and asked, "How are those people doing at the monastery?"

Serbia frowned. "They always did well and were trusted by the director, but I don't know why they did this tonight."

Da Fei laughed. "They're righteous friends!" It's good to be trusted by the dean! No wonder they're high-end studio players. I trust you too.

• • •

At Shencheng District's Lake Jade Park, the city was filled with skyscrapers. When the evening lights came on, the colorful buildings reflected off the lake, giving off a mysterious glow. The Lake Jade road was decorated with lanterns and colored banners, giving off the New Year's vibe. The residents gathered to admire the night view.

Amidst the teahouses, antiques, and bird shops by Cui Hu Road, a glass-walled coffee shop in a courtyard was brightly lit.

This was where Xue Wei's Studio was located. It was indeed a coffee shop, but the walls were closed and not open for business.

At this moment, the Japanese-style maids in the coffee shop were busily serving tea and snacks to the pretty contestants on the second floor.

In the spacious and luxurious lounge on the second floor, the older sister, Zhou Qing, with long hair and a fiery red leather skirt and warm stockings, paced back and forth excitedly. "Xiaoqi, hurry and find out what building requirements the Banshee camp has!"

"I'm still eating!"

"Why are you still eating?! You finished the egg tart in one bite. Are you a mouse?"

"Sister! Mind your image as a lady!"

"A lady is for men to see. I'll give you 20 seconds!"

"Xiaoyue, find out which class this Claire is in. Find out what she likes to play and eat!"

"Shufen, have you thought of the demoness' resettlement problem?"

"Sister, we have to stay in the storeroom! We'll die if we go out!"

"This is a problem. We have to find a way to get rid of this monster!"

"Sister! Stop talking. It's morning exercises! Get in position."

"Alright! Everyone, get into position! Our task now is to recruit this Claire!"

"Sister! She's here. She came to me!"

Zhou Qing was overjoyed. "Steady! Be steady!"

(Looking for various votes)

Please read the app.