Chapter 60: A Successful Meeting With Markal

Shumilouco

At night, the carriage Da Fei hired arrived at the courier station at the Notre-Dame Monastery in the suburbs. From afar, he could see a large cluster of imposing buildings surrounded by tall walls. He could hear the loud chanting of holy songs.

Katerina was mesmerized. "So sacred, so dignified!"

Dafei sighed. "I feel like a prison."

The two men, dressed in ceremonial uniforms and smart clothes, went to the door. An old nun with a hunchback, wearing a black robe and a black scarf, stopped them.

She said gloomily, "Stop. This is not a place for you to trespass."

Looking at her witch-like face and the broom, Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. "Your Majesty, do you remember Xia Yuhe at Daming Lake?"

Da Fei came to his senses. "I'm looking for a name—"

The elderly caretaker interrupted, "Go back. Everyone who came here is a nun who has dedicated her body and soul to God. She has nothing to do with the mortal world anymore!"

Da Fei didn't give up. "I have her father's belongings! I want to give them to—"

The elderly caretaker waved her hand impatiently. White light flashed under their feet, and the scene changed. The two of them appeared at the courier station waiting for the carriage.

For a moment, the two of them looked at each other in shock. Holy sh * t, a sweeper at Granny Rong's level! What kind of terrifying existence was this? And it didn't give players any chance to talk nonsense. It seemed like the owner of the bar was right. This wasn't a place for ordinary people. Forcefully break in? Stealth? Hehe…

Da Fei shook his head and sighed. "Let's go back. I'll take you to the most luxurious hotel."

Katerina chuckled. "OK, Captain!"

It seemed the information in the journal wasn't simple. Was the information just a boring plot? Was it as meaningless as the gambling debts recorded in the Artillery Chief's journal? No, no, no, it couldn't be! This was a living person! Even if the Artillery Chief was bored, he'd have information on super creatures like Leviathan, right?

But the current situation was obviously not something he could handle. What should he do? Should he really give his sub-hero spot to that guy? F*ck! If not, he'd have to endure it. No matter if he won or lost, as soon as the task ended, he'd be kicked out with no explanation.

As for the next step, he was already planning to look for Markal as soon as he got to the surface of the sea. He'd look for Markal at dawn. He had to take the risk. If he succeeded in getting the Phantom Ballista from Markal, he'd be in big trouble in the underground sea. He was the greatest navigator of the century, right? Maybe he could help him?

After the two of them returned to their place in the city, Da Fei went offline to eat and drink. When he went online again, a new day in the game had begun.

Find Markal.

St. Paul's was the largest seaport in the Kingdom of Lionheart, so there had to be Markal's mansion or office.

The guards at the door blocked Da Fei. "Stand here. This is not a place you can enter!"

It's not like a soldier like Nanny Rong, who wouldn't let me finish talking, could stop me. I don't believe it. Da Fei took out Markal's Dark Skill Book. "I'm a student of Duke Markal. I have the right to see the Duke!"

As expected, when the guard saw the book, it was as if he had seen the duke. His expression changed, and he shouted, "Butler, someone is looking for the lord!"

Wahahaha! I knew it. Players who completed the trial would have to use this book as a stepping stone. Why not see the Duke?

A butler in a tuxedo and a curled-up wig appeared. "You are?"

Da Fei waved the skill book in his hand proudly. "I'm a student of the Duke. I have important items for the Duke. I want to see the Duke."

The butler was confused. "Student? Where did you get this?"

Da Fei told the truth. "I found it on the St. Anthony which the Duke once explored. It has important insights from the Duke. I have to return it to you."

The butler nodded. "Please follow me."

He did it! He went through halls. With the teleportation circle, the scene changed. Da Fei appeared in a beautiful, yet solemn, circular library. Various magical lights swirled in the library, which was a few floors high. It showed how powerful the owner's mana was.

The butler said in a low voice, "It's rare for the duke to have a meeting since he's so busy. Tell me what you need."

Dafei quickly said, "Oh, I understand."

"Please wait."

After the butler left, Da Fei became nervous. He had accepted an Epic Mission to fight him. Who knows what would happen if he saw him? Whatever it was, he didn't care about anything related to the navigator. He didn't know. He'd never seen him.

Soon, accompanied by the butler, a white-bearded old man in a gold-trimmed red robe, holding a golden gem pole, surrounded by several colorful magic balls, appeared. The golden hero halo under his feet showed he was a priest hero!

He chuckled. "I don't remember taking a student." His voice was serene, and his smile was kind. The magic energy in the hall was also interwoven into a beautiful pattern.

What the heck, even a Death collar actress could do this? The first impression he gave people was definitely Grandpa Christmas! No wonder the Artillery Chief admired him so much. Then I'd have to act out my first impression too. Isn't it just kissing up to NPCs? I never blush when kissing up to them.

Da Fei quickly bowed and said, "Please forgive me for being rude, but I needed to see the Duke for something, so I lied about being his student. I did receive enlightenment from the Duke's notes. In my mind, the Duke's wisdom is the light that guided me. And from the Artillery Chief's diary, I was impressed by the Duke's style. I will always be the Duke's teacher!" Then, he took out the Dark Skill Book, the Artillery Chief's diary, and the Soul Crystal that killed the ghost.

The butler came forward and handed the item to the duke.

The duke was surprised. "You got it from the St. Anthony?"

Dafei said respectfully, "Yes."

The duke read the book quickly and said with emotion, "This must be something I accidentally left behind during the war. It was a journey I'd never forget. Our St. Anthony experienced countless hardships and witnessed countless miracles. We were about to win, but we were attacked by the enemy and the storm. We were stranded on an uninhabited island. We were surrounded by the enemy's curse. We fought until the last moment. With the help of Captain Renoir, I became the last survivor and survived until the rescue team arrived. The curse left by the enemy made it hard for powerful people to enter the island. The reclaiming of St. Anthony couldn't be completed, so it was never completed. Who would have thought that after so many years, a young warrior would complete the mission? Impressive!"

Da Fei chuckled. "You're flattering me." It seemed like he had succeeded?

The Duke looked up and stared at Da Fei with a kind smile. "Your clothes belong to Captain Renoir?"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. It was too early to say. Now was the key, right? Honesty, a very important quality in life, and lies were also very important methods. In this case, it would be 99% honesty + 1% lies!

Da Fei said, "Yes. I met Captain Renoir, who was tortured by the curse, at the bottom of the cabin. He asked me to help him escape the curse. After completing the mission, he gave me the boat and clothes. I also learned how to be a Voyager from the book of Nautical Skills left by the captain."

Hehe, if he didn't find the navigator's body, this would have happened. What would you think if the players destroyed the barrier?

The duke nodded and chuckled. "Renoir is an amazing navigator. You learned how to be a navigator from him, so you're definitely his student. Renoir is my good teacher and friend, so you can be considered my student."

— System Message: You have received "Grand Wizard Markal's Student," your Guild Reputation + 5000!

I did it! I really did it! Juan's Epic Mission didn't have any effect! Yes, the mission tip said that as long as I handed over his diary, the world would change. As long as I didn't let the diary see the light of day, everything would be fine. Hahaha!

Da Fei was overjoyed. He bowed from head to toe. "Thank you for your help, teacher! It's my honor to be a teacher's student!"

Markal laughed and said, "It's mainly because you're amazing and have great potential. As a teacher, I'm really ashamed that I couldn't teach you anything. But it's a good thing I have some experience as a gift for you." With a wave of his hand, a golden notebook appeared.

— System Message: Duke Markal is giving you the "The Study of Navigator's Promotion".

— Voyager Advancement Notice: Use this item and spend one Skill Point to raise your Voyager Class to "Intermediate Voyager"!

Da Fei was overjoyed. He had learned a trick! A Voyager really needed to level up in this way. If he had a Voyager, how far could the Phantom Ballista go?

Markal shook his head and said with a smile, "I'm just a shipwrecker who specializes in spell research, but I was indeed given the title of the greatest seafarer in the world. I'm really ashamed of my reputation. If you want to improve your level, you'll have to visit more seafaring people."

Da Fei nodded. "Teacher's modesty is a model for my generation! In fact, I'm here to learn the Phantom Ballista mentioned by the Artillery Chief." Humph, since you're a fake benevolent old man, I don't mind if you pretend to be tired. Just make any requests.

Markal was stunned, then he shook his head and laughed. "That's for fun. It's not applicable at all. Not only is it expensive to build, but once it's damaged in battle, there's no replacement for the parts. Don't talk about it anymore. It'll damage my reputation."

Da Fei was stunned. No way? She rejected him so easily? Was the Artillery Chief's journal useless? No way. She had to do a mission to gain his trust or something?

(Requesting various votes)

C

"Yes."