Chapter 64: Claire Serbia

Blood Rose Studio, a famous beauty studio in China, legal owner Zhou Qing, game ID: Blood Rose, headquartered on Cuihu Road in Shendong City. Non-profit agency means that I'm just playing and not planning to make money.

But sometimes, the less you treated the God of Fortune, the more cheap he was, coming to the girls' door to lick their boots. That was why their studio's endorsements earned so much money it was hard to look at. Their subsidiary agencies had a few low-level cash-making studios in Shen Dong City, which specialized in making money for the girls.

The selling point of the Blood Rose Studio was very simple—beautiful professional gamers, idols, and strengths were equal. Therefore, the Blood Rose was determined to be a true beauty. If there was any regret, it would be the fact that there was no world-class beauty like the Stars Guild, Bu Feiyan.

He was suppressing Xue Wei and her group by himself. This was really annoying.

Hero Genesis was listed globally at the same time. Blood Rose Studio, of course, changed all of their businesses to new games as soon as possible.

Xue Wei's Studio had a large group of low-level money-making studios to feed them, so they didn't hesitate to take the high-end route. What was high-end? Magic was high-end! High-end spells were undoubtedly the Neutral Faction's Seven Cities Alliance Mage School, but how to join it was a mystery. They didn't waste time. Xue Wei's Studio took the nun route.

Clerics were also divided into upper, middle, and lower levels. The "priest of the countryside" and the "bishop of the church" weren't on the same level. However, there was a special and important system in the church: the nuns! The men were ascetics.

A nun was the most devoted believer in God, who dedicated all of their body and mind to God. Most of them were chosen from orphan girls who had no relatives, rarely participated in any charity activities, never showed their faces, and lived like prisoners in the eyes of ordinary people. It was because of this that they had time and energy to cultivate. While they might not be the most powerful due to their limited aptitude, their comprehensive level undoubtedly represented the high-end level of the church. Compared to ascetics, men, as men, had too many obstacles to overcome during their cultivation. The ascetics were really not as good as nuns.

There were two types of nuns: lifelong nuns and foster nuns. Only lifelong nuns could learn the most advanced divine spells, which were the closest to God. Fostering nuns were the young daughters of navy members who could die at any moment and work in the church.

The Blood Rose had been targeting the Notre Dame monastery from the first day of launch. There were many Notre Dame monasteries in the Kingdom of Lionheart. The only reason the Blood Rose liked the monastery at St. Paul's Harbor was because of its commercial power as the empire's largest seaport. The Blood Rose's ambition was to monopolize St. Paul's Harbor!

The whole studio was filled with smart, smart, daring, and meticulous beauties. With their combined efforts, they made great progress in conquering the cloister. Some high-level employees had already successfully infiltrated the cloister and became programmers. Entering the cloister meant they could learn high-end divine spells that weren't available in ordinary skills books, and they could also hire special heroes and nuns that were hard for ordinary people to hire. Of course, there were more secrets for them to explore.

Of course, the price of becoming an outsider was not to go out freely and live like a nun, a prisoner. This was definitely a pain in the ass for players, but not for pretty girls.

Three days ago, a team member named Xue Weiqi found a magic book in the library. This wasn't a coincidence, it was inevitable. The whole job of entering the cloister was to search for hidden traps and hidden doors.

The secret of some nun had been exposed in this book!

"* * is innate from the bottom of one's heart. Suppressing it by force will result in mental distortion, which leads to deviation. * * needs to be released in a suitable way!"

All the beautiful players of the Blood Rose were so shocked by the content that their faces turned red!

As the older sister, the Blood Rose didn't care about evil. She made a prompt decision. "Use all your power!"

Therefore, according to the instructions in the booklet, the entire studio would come to the storeroom at night every game day. This was the only place in the monastery where the ritual wouldn't be interrupted. The ritual had already been going on for one month in the game, which was the Middle Three Heavens. The pretty girls hadn't slept well in the past three days. In the end, the players were too weak, so the ritual was really time-consuming.

• • •

Now, their channeling ritual was seen by Da Fei. It felt like he was peeping at girls taking a shower in the female restroom. It was exciting! However, he had to do this crucial task. He couldn't let them mess up. Da Fei felt conflicted.

As for taking the initiative to go out and greet them? F*ck, as a man, she'd definitely get rid of him here, right? Don't be silly! Not to mention ordinary players like her, who had millions of fans, were nothing in their eyes.

Not long after, a female lookout came in to report, "Here to do ward rounds!"

Everyone immediately stopped the ritual and moved the debris to the magic circle to cover it. Then, they quietly left the room.

There was a ghost! There had to be a ghost! After they left, Da Fei secretly came out of his hiding place. He was about to move aside the miscellaneous items to look at the magic circle on the ground, but he decided against it. After all, these things needed quest items to work. He couldn't understand them, but he couldn't do anything about them. The high-end players in big studios had their own way of playing, so there was no need to complicate things.

A new day had begun.

The backyard became busy. Some female workers also went in and out of the storeroom. Da Fei hid in the shadows carefully, not daring to make a sound.

The carriage sounded. The middle-aged woman came again.

"Anna, did you drop this?"

"No, I don't have anything like this."

"Ariel, did you drop this?"

"No, Ms. Tabia."

He didn't gain anything today, and the mom went back. Da Fei became anxious. He felt a little guilty about not being able to find a target. At night, Xue Wei's female players came again. Judging by their practiced movements, they came every day?

It was another game day, and the mom didn't get anything. Three days in the game and only one afternoon in real life, but Da Fei was already feeling uneasy. At night, the girls came and went.

Endure!

On the fourth day, the women still didn't find anything, but the pretty gamers seemed to have made great progress. The magic circle they surrounded glowed with a dazzling pink light!

The girls cheered in the dark. "We're going to make it! We'll make it tomorrow night!"

"Great. Everyone, use the time to replenish your mana. We'll do it tomorrow night!"

F*ck! You guys are messing with me. Don't make a big deal out of this and ruin my plan. The high-end players must be doing something big. There must be millions of yuan worth of projects. As a grandmaster, there's no progress at all. Da Fei's heart twisted with envy!

On the fifth day, the long-awaited miracle finally happened!

"Laurel, did you drop this?"

"!!!"

The older woman sounded excited. "Laurel? You dropped this, right? Come here, I found it here! Come here!"

We're in! The older woman dragged in a pretty blonde nun in a white nun's robe! The moment she walked in, the dark warehouse seemed to be filled with light. The golden light under her feet showed she was a hero!

I found her! I finally found her! She really is a hero! Da Fei was so excited he almost jumped out of his hiding place!

As soon as she came in, the older woman whispered to the frightened nun, "Serbia?"

The young nun nodded in shock.

Oh yeah! Confirmed! Da Fei's cheeks streamed with tears! A nun in a white robe had a high status! She was definitely powerful! It was worth watching her for days and nights!

The older woman breathed a sigh of relief. Putting the flute in the older woman's hand, she whispered, "This is yours. Put it away. It's not convenient to talk right now. Come here quietly tonight and don't let anyone know. Someone important wants to see you for an important meeting! Don't be surprised no matter who you see or what you talk about. Do you understand?"

The young nun's eyes burned with passion as she nodded.

The woman chuckled. "Alright, let's get to work!" Then, she laughed and dragged the young nun out the door, shouting, "Work harder, everyone!"

Da Fei also breathed a sigh of relief. Based on her expression just now, maybe she thought her father was still alive? Then, he could avoid the most troublesome step of hiring a hero and just take her away! He told her not to be surprised because he was afraid of a man suddenly appearing in front of her and making everyone scream.

Da Fei was looking forward to tonight!

What the heck! When was she coming tonight? Were those female players doing something? Wouldn't it be bad if they ran into her?

While Da Fei was feeling conflicted, the night arrived. The worst thing had happened. Xue Wei and her group of bitches came as soon as it got dark! They came earlier than the last few nights!

— Ah! Da Fei almost vomited blood! I bought a bag last year!

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.