Chapter 71: The Banshee Camp

Shumilouco

In the game, players could pick six races: humans, elves, dwarves, undead, orcs, and demons. There was no information on the hidden races yet.

The Devil was probably the least popular faction among the players, since there were almost no strongholds on the Hero Continent. The world of the Devil players was a fiery red sky, scorching hot scorched earth, and a river of lava. In short, the players felt like they were playing another game, depressing. Unlike the Undead, who could adjust their mood from time to time, charging into the territory of the humans, killing people, and looting ores, etc. What was even more annoying was that the first, second, and third-level soldiers of the Devil players weren't long-range, so losses were inevitable in battle.

Demons had an obvious advantage too, which was army teleportation. Demons were experts in space teleportation. Other races couldn't use city teleportation arrays to transport troops, but only the demon cities could. So, in the game, there was a legend that after some king repelled the invasion of hell, they decided to pursue the expedition to hell and eliminate the root of the problem. But they didn't do well because the demon world was filled with demon cities, and the demons could gather all the troops in the cities to resist the invasion.

Not only that, the demon world was a multiverse world. Using the Chinese culture to describe it, there were eighteen levels of hell, and Western culture to describe it, there were seven purgatory worlds. In short, the developers of various countries reached a consensus in this area. In order to highlight the characteristics of the evil power, and to compensate for the fun of the evil power, the demon worlds in various service areas could connect. Other races could only meet in the new world.

In other words, if a camp war broke out and a demon nest in a certain area couldn't handle the siege (which was almost impossible to happen), they could start a national war and ask for help from the demons in other districts. One of the selling points of the demon race was that they could allow players to have international exchanges with players from other countries.

Demons had always been known for their aggression. Even after leaving the home ground of Hell, they could still use their powerful spatial teleportation skills. The Devil Hero's job skill was Hell Gate.

— Hell Portal: The army of the Infernal Race can activate the Portal to Alternate Realm to summon reinforcements from the Abyss of Hell. The basic summoning ratio is 30% of the army, 35% for the intermediate, 40% for the advanced, 45% for the experts, and 50% for the masters.

In the Japanese server, the Godly Hero skill, which specialized in "Hell Gate Master," would increase the effect of the Hell Gate by 1% every level. That was to say, if the hero reached level 50, the Hell Gate effect would increase by 50%, which was 100% when stacked with the Master-level Hell Gate. If he combined the Character-Striking sub-skill, "Door of Crowds," the number of summons would double again.

In other words, if he fought the demons, he'd have to face more than half of their cannon fodder army. The only way to stop them was to attack quickly, making it impossible for their portals to call for reinforcements. The demons were best at fast attacks too. The battle with the demons was brutal, and it was impossible for both sides to avoid losing soldiers. This would be a pain for both sides.

Now, Da Fei realized he was going to be enemies with all the evil players in the world.

Da Fei quickly asked, "Mayor, I've stirred up a hornet's nest. How many troops will the Devils send? Do I have any reinforcements?"

Oseriman chuckled. "Our teleportation isn't as specialized as the demons'. We've already done our best to teleport you, such a large ship, and so many troops into the barrier of the Pool of Light. We can't provide you with more support. But don't worry, the Abyssal Blood Pool is in the same situation as our World Tree. It's limited by the barrier. The demons can only send out young heroes like you, but are there really young heroes like you in this world? No! You can fight ten of them alone! I'm confident in you! You don't need any support!"

— Ah! Ten? If the war started, could it be ten?

Since level one, two, and three demon units all had low HP-resistant melee attacks, the demons usually started with ballistae and machinery, which meant that the 16 ballistae in the gun cabin he was so proud of might have to face thousands of ballistae from thousands of demon players! He'd be blasted into a sieve! Even if there weren't thousands of them, he could handle 10 of them at once.

What the heck, I don't have feelings for him! This is totally a scam, right? But thinking of challenging all the evil players in the world, I felt a sense of pride! When was the last time I felt this kind of pride? It's been a while. Maybe it was when I wrote "Da Fei and the Sea."

Great! F*ck! Didn't they say there were two Devil-level Godly Heroes in the Japanese server? I'm warning them not to come to the China server. Even if they did, don't let me see them with my Reconnaissance Skill. Otherwise, I could shoot 16 Ballistas. No, only one side could shoot them. I could just shoot eight Ballistas and Phantom Ballistas!

Since he had decided to do something big, he should abandon his principles and maximize the potential of the NPC.

Da Fei thickened his skin and said, "Lord Mayor, since there's no problem with the Blood Eagle's Flute, you have to help me deal with the Banshee camp and the beautiful sub-hero! Right, I want to get a powerful hidden hero job too!" He didn't believe Markal would be impatient and send him off. Would he send him off?

Otheriman coughed and said, "Um… Sir seems to have a sub-hero position, and the upper echelons of the kingdom will probably give you a young guide, but it's just a temporary sub-hero position."

Oh? Temporary hero? What you couldn't have was usually the best. Temporary workers were usually awesome.

Dafei quickly said, "Is she a beauty?"

Oseriman chuckled. "That's not something I can think of. Let's talk about the Banshee camp. Are you talking about her?" He pointed at Granny Rong.

Great! As expected of a mayor-level NPC. So generous! Markal was so weak compared to him!

Da Fei happily said, "That's right! As long as it's a war, there will definitely be casualties. I can't replenish my army during this expedition. The number of troops will only decrease. In the later stages, I probably won't be able to fight anymore. The Demon camp is different. Their principle is teleportation. There's no need for towns or cities to have populations. Now that my instructor has one, I want to build a mobile camp on the ship. The problem is that the ship is moving, causing the coordinates to be unstable. Please think of a way to solve this problem!"

Otheriman nodded. "As expected of Mr. Da Fei. You know the Devil so well. You found the right person for this mission."

Dafei chuckled. "No, no."

Oseriman chuckled. "It's not a hard question. You should know that after many wizard towers go in, you realize the space inside is much bigger than outside, right?"

Um, this was a dungeon. Wasn't it like this in the game? You could go into a small house and change the scenario. There was plenty of room. But since he said it wasn't hard, it'd be easy. He'd have to take care of it.

Da Fei humbly said, "I haven't been to the Mage Pagoda yet, but I've heard of it."

Oseriman nodded. "This is called Spatial Expansion. In other words, it's a space bag that everyone has. A small bag can store a lot of big things. Do you understand?"

Da Fei was enlightened. "So, the mayor can modify my ship into a space bag? Then, he can build a barracks in the bag?"

Oseriman nodded. "That's probably what it means. We can ask the archmages to modify a room into an alternate space. But since it involves summoning soldiers, it's more complicated to implement. In the words of the archmages, it should be called the Absolute Stop Space Expansion!"

Da Fei was overjoyed. "I don't understand, but please help me with this."

Oseriman sighed. "For the Elven Kingdom, technology is not a problem. I can get help from the higher-ups. We have manpower, but there is a big problem."

Dafei exclaimed, "What big problem?"

Otheriman raised his hand, holding his index finger with his thumb. This gesture was okay, everyone knew how to lie down!

Da Fei was stunned. "Gold coins?"

Oseriman shook his head and sighed. "Sigh, it's not easy to talk about money with a hero like you, sir. But it can't be helped. This matter isn't within the budget for this operation. I don't have the right to give money to the higher-ups, nor do I have to use the city's vault, or it'd affect my image as an official in the Elven Kingdom. In the end, if you want to do this project, you'll have to pay for it yourself. I can help you hire a top-level archmage. These archmages can't be hired."

Da Fei was stunned! What the heck! Money was a problem?

Dafei said in shock, "How much?"

Otheriman reached out one index finger. "At least for this amount, you won't be able to fork out the money, but it's okay. You have a share of seafood in our city. You can use it to run businesses and slowly pay back the money. I trust you too."

One? 100 thousand? One million? Or, 10 million? From his blank expression, Da Fei could smell a lot of scamming! What the heck! Are you kidding? Tell me, how much money did you cheat by saying you wanted to help me?

Da Fei asked carefully, "How much is it?"

Otheriman chuckled. "Compared to your unparalleled achievements, money is not a problem! It's only 100 million yuan."

— Pfft! 100 million yuan! Based on the market price for studios, which were hard to find, it was hundreds of thousands of yuan! If I had hundreds of thousands, I could just buy a car and a house… Um, I can't afford it! What the heck!

Suddenly, Da Fei realized that the NPC wasn't easy to fool. When you made demands of him, he'd also play tricks on you! Was he trying to cheat you?

(Looking for various votes)

C

"Yes."