Chapter 78: The Dilemma Of The Dragon Slayer Guild

Shumilouco

"Good morning, everyone! We meet again on the Hero News. Today, we have connected the phone to the highest-ranked player in the China server, the Hell Race pro player, Lei Ren of the Dragon Slayer Guild. Please comment on the race war."

"Hehe, nice to meet you, host. You can call me Classmate Lei Ren. Hi, everyone. I'm Lei Ren from the Dragon Slayer Guild, game ID, Thunder Fire Dragon, level 27. I'm very excited to meet you all. I also received information about this Faction War, and I also participated in the registration for the Demon Lord's Palace. The information I received was the same as the information received by the Hell players in other districts. I'm on standby."

Host: "What do you think?"

Lei Ren chuckled. "I'm really sorry. This happened too suddenly. I didn't know this was happening until I went to sleep. It was as if all the evil players in the world were stunned. Me too, no exception. I had to wait for more information from the system."

The host smiled. "What will the Dragon Slaying Guild do if a war breaks out?"

Lei Ren smiled. "The Dragon Slayer Guild is mainly for the development of the Undead. The Infernal Race doesn't have many scenes, so the war won't change the guild's progress much. But for me, I'll definitely win glory for the country."

The host smiled. "This morning, we received a video from the players at the Elven Kingdom's Port of Erolyn. Player Da Fei's ship was teleported away by NPC Mages. Is this related to the Kingdom War?"

Lei Ren smiled bitterly. "I don't know. The Guild of Light hasn't issued any mobilization orders related to the war."

The host laughed dryly. "Thank you, Lei Ren, for cooperating with our interview. Lei Ren, I hope you perform well during the war."

Lei Ren smiled. "I'm really sorry I didn't provide more information to the audience. I'll do my best during the war. Goodbye."

Host: "OK, let's take a look at the current situation of a famous Chinese company, Xue Wei's Studio. This happened last night. Xue Wei sent 200 players to attack an NPC liquor store in St. Paul's Harbor, and the cause of the attack seems to be related to player Da Fei…"

• • •

Dragon Slaying Network Entertainment Company.

Lei Ren looked miserable as he reported to his boss, Ma Yinglong, "Boss! It wasn't easy for me to appear on TV, and now I have to pretend to not know anything? The whole country thinks I'm crazy!"

Ma Yinglong said in a low voice, "There has to be someone to be a slave. If you don't want to be a slave, do you want me, the boss, to be a slave? Alright, gather the ordinary players and keep an eye on the mission. Report to me at all times. Don't act on your own!"

Lei Ren nodded. "Got it."

Ma Yinglong frowned and went into deep thought.

While all the evil players in the world were on standby, as the number one evil demon in the China server, not only did Lei Ren receive special information, but he also received an epic quest, "Attack the Pond of Light!"

— We received uncertain information. The Elven Kingdom sent superheroes to cleanse the contamination of the World Tree, and the Elven Kingdom also discovered our Abyss Blood Pool. Their superheroes also tried to attack the Abyss Blood Pool. If their so-called superheroes were really powerful existences who could cleanse the Luminous Pool, then this would be a very unfavorable battle for us. We couldn't provide strong support to the Abyss Blood Pool, which was protected by the barrier. We had to summon more reinforcements from various planes. Passive defense was never our style. We had to attack! Attack was the best defense! Our battlefield was the Luminous Pool. Not only did we have to stop the attack of the so-called superheroes, but we also had to eradicate the foundation of the World Tree! We had to let those arrogant and stupid elves know the consequences of opposing us demons! You, as the best and most powerful hero in Sheogh, must shoulder the responsibility of leading the allied forces. Otherwise, we'd pick a new hero to replace you! Hurry and get ready!

The battlefield of the national war was in the China server! During the national war, only the Dragon Slaying Guild's person-in-charge, Lei Ren, and a few higher-ups knew the location.

This was a tricky question!

No matter where a national war happened, it wasn't a big deal. Everyone could just join in the fun or fight to their heart's content. But if it happened in the China server, it would be a big problem. It would give Chinese players the feeling of a multinational alliance attacking China. It was emotionally unacceptable, not to mention the most sensitive Japanese district. The nature of this war would definitely change! Be it sports or competitions, they would often become an extension of reality, often interpreted by the people and the media.

Then, where were the Evil Demons in the China server going? What should the Dragon Slaying Guild do after receiving the epic quest? Attack their country's Luminous Pool with foreign players according to the game rules? They were asking for death! They were leading the way, they were lackeys. This meant that the Dragon Slaying Guild would lose its popularity and collapse.

Then, the Dragon Slaying Guild would have to give up the epic quest for the so-called "ethnicity" and lead the entire country's independent players to fight?

This was even more ridiculous! It was just a game, ethnicity my ass! What did an epic quest entail? Once it was completed, all sorts of rewards—attribute points, skill points, special skills, bases for special soldiers, and even territories would be awarded! Once completed, it would mean the birth of a superhero! In this way, the weaker members of the Hell Race, who specialized in attacking the Undead Race, would rise, and the guild could develop at the same time. The long-term benefits were immeasurable. How could he cripple his own martial arts for the "national justice" in the game?

Then, a compromise would be for the Dragon Slayer Guild to resist "foreign bullying" with all their might and earn the cheers of all the players in the country. They could think of a way to drive the various-nation armies out of the China server, then they could announce their victory! At that time, they could play the game quietly, take down the Pool of Light, and complete the Epic Mission. Only the evil players in the China server could destroy the Pool of Light, so the players shouldn't have any objections.

However, it was just a plan. The powerful Japanese area was a hurdle that couldn't be avoided. The plot of the mission suggested, "If you couldn't shoulder the responsibility of leading the allied forces, you'd be replaced by new heroes." This meant that once the Japanese area dominated the battlefield, Lei Ren's Epic Mission would be taken away!

That would be a huge loss. Not only would he lose the Epic Mission, but he would also be cursed for being useless at fighting, and the guild's popularity would decrease.

What should he do? Negotiate with them? After all, the Dragon Slayer Guild and the Mitsubishi battle team already had a cooperative relationship. He could talk to them.

This wasn't right. Times had changed. The weak didn't have the right to negotiate. Based on Ma Yinglong's experience dealing with the Japanese, they wouldn't give him any face. They'd rather pick a new partner in China than agree to the Dragon Slayer Guild's request. Considering the natural alliance between Japan and the United States, the United States District would do everything in its power to support the Japanese District. If the Japanese District knew where the battlefield was, the Japanese District would have roped in the United States and India right away, not to mention saying anything.

Thus, this secret could only be kept at the start of the battle. The enemy was in the open, while he was in the dark, so there was a chance.

Where was the turning point? Did he miss out on a key character? Who was the so-called superhero leading the elf quest? An NPC or a player?

If it was a player? Who could it be? Ma Yinglong instantly thought of the transportation incident in the morning. He was the only player in the entire China server who could do something like this. Could it be him?

For a moment, Ma Yinglong felt his balls aching. Dealing with a liar and a liar whose name disgusted him was never a good thing. The so-called "Ningyu Friendship" didn't involve domestic slaves. Ma Yinglong would rather deal with Japanese people than a scammer. Of course, he had to confirm that he was the so-called superhero.

• • •

The Pool of Light.

At this moment, the superhero, Da Fei, used the Magic Sail to save energy by lowering the sail in front of the discovered tumor. As he got closer, he realized the tumor was so big that it was beyond his imagination. It covered all the tree roots as thick as the Yggdrasill. This was definitely a mountain of meat! It was more than 10 times the size of SV Fly!

Did Flesh Mountain have any defensive moves?

In short, since he was already here, he had to fight. SV Fly lifted up the body of the ship, opening all 16 ballista doors.

Da Fei was so excited at the thought of sixteen ballistae firing at the same time!

"Fire!"

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The ballistae roared in unison, and the ship shook. Two rows of arrows flew toward the mountain of meat, creating a rain of blood.

Da Fei shouted excitedly, "Great!"

A blood-curdling scream came from the mountain of meat. In an instant, the beetles on the tree roots moved! The red clouds on the map roared and charged at SV Fly!

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock. He was in trouble! Without thinking, he shouted, "Run! Everyone, hide inside the cabin!"

C

"Yes."