Chapter 79: First Battle'S Loss

The dark bug cloud made a huge noise and rushed toward SV Fly from all directions. The sailors on the deck of SV Fly, as well as the Jungle-Hunters, all ran toward the cabin.

For a moment, it felt like an army was crossing a single-log bridge. There was a huge crowd at the entrance of the cabin.

"F*ck!" Da Fei cursed anxiously. He had to order the Hunters to turn around and shoot. Another golden light descended from the sky.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, has cast Master-level light magic, "Tenacious Force," which increases the defense of the unit by 15.

The swarm of bugs arrived instantly, drowning the crowd.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, cast Master-level light spell, "Vitality Regeneration," restoring 15% of the army's health points every 10 seconds.

Da Fei shot a bug and shouted, "Serbia, get inside the cabin!" He could only hope these weak bugs couldn't hurt his troops.

— System Message: One of your Forest Hunters was killed by an Elite Magic Bug!

Da Fei was shocked! There were elite soldiers!

— System Message: One of your Forest Hunters was killed by an Elite Magic Bug!

Another one died! Da Fei's heart was bleeding!

Finally, all the troops entered the cabin. Da Fei, the last one to return to the cabin, turned around and closed the door. The troops in the corridor started killing the beetles that were chasing him. Outside the cabin, the beetles hit the cabin door like hailstones, making deafening thumps!

Both the ship and the city wall were recognized by the system as building attributes. The building attribute increased the defense of light weapons, so the enemy wouldn't attack buildings. There was only one explanation for this: the enemy commander used the Assault Command!

Then kill the commander! Da Fei shouted, "Fire! Don't stop!"

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Two more rows of arrows whistled through the air. The mountain of flesh looked like a bag of blood, riddled with holes. More than a hundred streams of blood spurted out!

A skilled Cannon Gunner had 10 Attack, 10 Defense, a total of 20 attribute points. The Ballista attribute with Advanced Study of the War Machine was 20 Attack, the basic damage was 5-6, and the total damage was 100-120, 20 Attack increased by 100%, which was 200-240. With the Ballista Master skill, two consecutive shots were 400-480. He didn't need to worry about his own Ballista damage exceeding the limit. The total damage from the other 15 Cannon Gunners was 6000-7200!

Such high damage output would have killed a typical boss in one hit. I don't care how strong your mountain of flesh is. Even if it had hundreds of Defense, 90% damage reduction, you wouldn't have been able to survive my bombardment!

(Note: When Attack is lower than Defense, Final Damage = Basic Damage Σ (1 + Attack and Defense difference x5%); according to this formula, when the Attack and Defense difference is 20 points, damage reduction is 50%; when the Attack and Defense difference is 200 points, damage reduction is 91%; when the Attack and Defense difference is 500, damage reduction is 962%. Only the Iron Wall can reach 500 points of Defense, and the general Defense of large ships is around 100-200 points.)

Finally, with another volley from the ballistae, the giant meat mountain collapsed with a miserable cry. As the pieces of meat fell into the Pool of Light, they emitted sizzling white smoke, as if they had fallen into a acid pool. The entire body of water boiled.

— System Message: You destroyed the Bug Queen's nest, gain 100 thousand experience points!

— System Message: You have gathered more information about the nest.

Now that the bugs had lost their leader, the beetles stopped hitting the boat. They hovered outside the cabin for a while before flying back to the tree roots to work.

Da Fei breathed a sigh of relief.

Now that he looked at the damage, the durability of the ship had been reduced by more than 300 bugs, ants, and elephants, so it was only 1324. Just now, he lost seven more Jungle Hunters. For the expensive and low-producted Elven soldiers, this was a huge loss. But it was okay. My baby's Master-level light magic would definitely revive him.

Da Fei found Serbia. She looked exhausted. Her snow-white nun's clothes were stained. Da Fei asked in shock, "Are her injuries serious?"

Serbia shook his head and sighed. "I'm not seriously injured, but I don't have any mana left. I'm afraid I can't revive dead soldiers."

Corpses in the game couldn't be spent the night, and the Night Queen couldn't be saved either. But compared to a few soldiers, a hero's condition was more important.

Dafei quickly said, "It's okay. Go to sleep!"

Serbia sighed. "I'm sorry. I'm not strong enough."

Da Fei patted her shoulder. "It was my fault. Just rest and recover your mana. We can fight again tomorrow."

"OK. I'll try my best tomorrow."

In the game, light-based auxiliary spells and dark-based curse spells could be used for the whole army. The more troops used, the more mana it would consume. The calculation between the number of troops and the mana consumption involved very annoying functions and logarithms. Players just needed to know the more mana they had, the better. Today, Serbia had released three group spells, especially the healing spells, Life Regeneration, which consumed a lot of mana. 200 mana points of 20 Knowledge was indeed not enough.

Typically, a Priest-type hero would only use two or three large spells in a large-scale battle, while a large-scale spell could change the situation. For example, + 15 Attack Righteousness meant the unit's damage increased by 75%, which was equivalent to adding a Grandmaster-level Attack Skill. The rest of the mana would be used for the Resurrection Skill. Therefore, knowledge was always the Priests' primary attribute. But mana was also important. Mana affected the duration of the spells and the number of Resurrected troops. Hence, Priests could never add points to attack and defense.

After sending the baby to the rest area, Da Fei couldn't help but sigh. This wasn't how battles worked.

If he suffered a loss in the first battle, he could just not send troops onto the deck in the next battle. But ships couldn't hold out! Losing 300 durability in one battle, how many battles could he fight? There were at least a few dozen sea bugs in this area, right?

Speaking of which, this Epic Mission was so awesome. If his Big Ship Cannon could blow up this nest with just a few strikes, how could other players fight this mission? This mission couldn't be specially prepared for players with large ships, right? How could players at level 30 have large ships?

It seemed like an epic quest wasn't that easy. It wasn't something that could be solved with good equipment. For example, Markal's epic quest had to be smart. This quest had to have a trick!

While he was thinking, the mountain of flesh on the tree roots all collapsed. Amidst the steam, an elven house surrounded by a mountain of flesh appeared.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. That was—the building for the Flower Goblin, which recruited Level 0 Elves!

Ask for all sorts of votes.