Chapter 76: Sv Fly'S Journey

The inspectors from the various kingdoms logged onto SV Fly and began checking.

SV Fly's hull and mast were covered in a thick layer of green moss. He didn't know what it was, but it must have something to do with the resurrection hull.

A Kingdom official praised, "As expected of a warrior chosen for the competition. He became the captain of such a large ship at such a young age. Too bad the ship is reaching the end of its life, so this purification operation can only succeed."

I kicked you away! Can you not talk nonsense? Da Fei chuckled. "You're right."

The mayor smiled and said, "Right, Mr. Da Fei, precisely because the ship's age is approaching, the maximum defense and durability of the ship is lower than the maximum level of alert. If it was attacked, the consequences would be unthinkable. So, for this operation, the shipwrights modified the ship, even changing the second level of the ship to a gunship. Now, Mr. Da Fei's ship has two gunships. The blind area reduces the firepower, enough to kill the enemy from 100 steps away!"

Da Fei was stunned. Modified? He quickly checked the attributes panel.

Name of the ship: SV Fly (Quest Reward: Cannot be traded among players)

Captain: Dafei

Ship Special Skill: Blessing of God (Sailor's Luck + 2)

Ship Model: Large four-masted three-story high-speed sailing ship.

Cargo: 500 units

Ship Cannon's Cabin: 32 Position. (16 port left, 16 port right)

Usage: 10 years

Ships with minimum crew capacity: 30 people

Ship durability: 1690 / 1690

Ship Speed: 10

Ship Armor Defense: 80 porthole, 80 porthole, 55 bow, 46 stern.

Ship Room: Driver Room 1, Captain's Room 1, Adjutant's Rest Room 6, Staff Room 1, Accounting Room 1, Healing Room 2, Kitchen 1, Special Room 1, Entertainment Room 1, Seaman's Dormitory 2

Ship Supplementary Equipment: Head of the White Shark, Teleportation Portal, Wind Magic Sails, four landing crafts.

Sea God Insurance Level: 0 (The ship is not protected by the Sea God, it will sink forever if anything happens.)

Ship's current status: Total maintenance, Cursed by Bad Luck (Sailor's Luck -3)

Looking at the sudden addition of the gun cabins, the sudden reduction of half of the stock, the addition of the ship's rooms, and the ship's equipment list, Da Fei was so excited that he was speechless for a while. So this is how all the ships are fixed? Does this mean all the abandoned rooms have resurrection functions? This is much better than repairing the ships! That so-called special room must be my Banshee camp!

The mayor smiled. "What do you think, sir? If you come back victorious, we can help you change for free."

Da Fei came back to his senses and laughed. "Great! Great job! Thank you for your concern, Mr. Mayor!" There were times when NPCs weren't so deceitful! Wahahaha! Now that my firepower has doubled, I'm even more confident! More importantly, I have 16 more ballistae now. If I had to buy these myself, I'd vomit blood.

Everyone began to inspect the deck. A magic circle inlaid with magic gems glowed faintly.

The mayor introduced, “This is the transportation circle for this operation, and it’s also a way to help Ms. Anwen teleport. If you can return triumphantly, this transportation circle will be yours.”

The officials laughed. "Mr. Braveheart, this is a royal tour ship, and only the main battleships of the kingdom are eligible for this. Please treasure it!"

Katerina exclaimed again, "Wow!"

Da Fei was so shocked his eyebrows jumped. He said incredulously, "So, my ship can teleport now?"

The mayor smiled. "That's right. Teleporting such a big ship requires a lot of mana. This Teleportation Portal is powered by these few mana stones. Every teleportation costs a lot, so you have to save it. It doesn't matter even if you use it up. As long as you come back victorious, you'll be a hero of this city, and you'll be eligible to buy strategic materials, mana stones, at 80% discount."

The officials laughed. "The whole country gets 80% off!"

The mayor shrugged. "I'd love to give you a better deal, but I can't interfere with the Guild of Magic!"

Everyone laughed out loud. Da Fei, on the other hand, was so shocked that his heart was beating fast! Selling? This was definitely a sales pitch! Strategy materials like Magic Stones, which ordinary players couldn't afford, were ridiculously expensive. During the open beta testing, the teleportation circle built by the big guilds required Magic Stones. One word, expensive! If he used the so-called 'insatiable taste,' wouldn't he think of it every day? Oh no, this was a scam! It wasn't the NPCs, it was the game companies!

At this moment, the mayor pointed at the mast. "Considering there's no wind underground most of the time, we have a magic sail for this operation. As long as we start the sail, the ship will move at high speed. If you come back victorious from this mission, you can buy it from the Guild of Magic!"

Da Fei chuckled. "OK! OK!" What the heck! Are you done promoting it? I'll buy its egg! Unless all the players in the world are after me at sea!

The mayor smiled. "Sirs, this way."

Everyone filed into the cabin. The inside of the cabin was still covered in green moss, as if they had entered an old tunnel, fresh and disgusting.

The mayor talked about the rooms as if he was a street lantern, ignoring the fact that there was no sign. This room was obviously the Banshee camp. What the heck, why didn't he introduce the rooms? The mayor was behind this. This project cost him 100 million yuan!

After entering the lower level, the gunners stood in a row to be inspected.

— Proficient Cannon Sailor: Attack: 10, Defense: 10, Damage: 4-9, Health: 50, Attack Speed: 10, Movement Speed: 11, Command Value: 1. Special Skill: Advanced Study of War Machines, Master of Ballistas, Ship Driving Skill, Mastery of Battle in the Sea. Cost: 5 gold coins per day.

This was the legendary multi-talented Cannon Gunner! His Attack, Defense, and HP had reached Level 4, and he had the naval battle skill. He could fight the Pirate Soldiers, but his Command Value was indeed at Level 1. He was the most powerful person the Land of Sailors could hire. He was the favorite of rich businessmen with low Command Power. He didn't sell his skills or his body. As long as he got on a player's ship, regardless of whether the player went offline or not, he'd charge 5 gold coins per game day. Now, Da Fei had 32 cannons and 32 proficient Cannon Gunners. That was 160 gold coins per day. In real life, he'd earn 1,600 gold coins every day!

What the f*ck! It was said that Sears earned high salaries, so it was true! One Druid sold for only 400 gold coins! How long could this 30 thousand gold coins last?

The officials were happy with the gunner's mental state and applauded to motivate him.

The mayor smiled and said, "Thank you, brave sailors, for being willing to go on this dangerous expedition with the ship. To show our respect, I privately sponsor 1000 gold coins for Mr. Da Fei's military salary. Please keep it!"

— System Message: You received 1000 gold coins from the mayor's war donation.

Oh! Give money! I like it. What the heck! I have to give money! I only got around 30 thousand yuan from being a liar. If it was someone else, how could they get so much money? How much did you cheat me with 100 million yuan? You're only giving 1000 yuan now?

One type of official laughed. "To show our respect for the warriors, we can't lag behind. We're just honest officials, we don't have much money. We don't have much gifts, so please keep them!"

— System Message: You received a 9000 gold coin war donation from the Kingdom Inspection Official.

Oh, so we're all honest officials. I get it.

Then, everyone checked the cargo hold. It was filled with ammunition, materials, accessories, and food.

All of the officials nodded in approval. "Not bad, very well-prepared."

The mayor smiled and said, "Alright, this is the last step. Transfer the units. Mr. Da Fei, please pick the units you need."

A list of transactions appeared. The elves had level-one, two, three, four, humanoid soldiers. As for level-five, six, and seven soldiers, they were all too big to be on a ship.

Wind Dancer, a Level 1 soldier who dual-wielding, wasn't an exception. The Level 2 Earth Archer, known as "Rain of Arrows," was a Level 3 Jungle Archer who dealt high damage and accurate shots twice in a row. He was a well-known figure in the Elven army, not to mention the Level 4 Druid, known as a God-level creep.

The higher the level, the better. However, numbers were important too. Now, Da Fei had 49 Command Power, Katerina 36, and Serbia had 120 Command Power after moving the harpy instructor into the camp. There were 30 sailors on the ship, 32 gunners, and 62 Command Power. There were 143 points left.

Level 2 soldiers had 1 Command Value, Level 3 soldiers had 2 Command Value, and Level 4 soldiers had 3 Command Value. The Druid's Lightning was powerful, but after using up all of his mana, he could only wait until the next day to recover. His endurance was poor, and he was not good at fighting. The Druid's long-range damage was on a completely different level from the Level 3 Soldier Jungle Scamper, who used two arrows in a row.

In fact, there was nothing to consider. The old lady had brought many Druids, so it was definitely right to pick all Level 3 Jungle Archers! If he had to say something wrong, none of the three heroes knew archery!

— Mission tips: You have received 71 Jungle Shooters.

The game was a game after all. Trading troops and trading goods were all written on paper. Otherwise, if there were thousands of people running around, even a god-level computer computer system couldn't handle it.

The mayor smiled and said, "The transfer of soldiers is complete!"

The officials all clapped. "The expedition ceremony is over!"

— System Message: Epic Mission "Pond of Purification" has a countdown of 10 minutes. Please make the final preparations.

The mayor smiled. "The magic circle is almost done, and the warrior is about to leave for battle. Let's send the warrior off!"

"OK!"

Now, Katerina was in the driver's seat. The gunners loaded their crossbows, the sailors got into position, and the 71 Jungle Scamper shooters stood by the deck. Da Fei kept waving goodbye to the officials.

Under the ship, the Mages of the Kingdom's mages started to cast spells. The giant magic circle under SV Fly burst out with light, space started to fluctuate, vision started to distort, and amidst the earth-shattering screams from the players watching, SV Fly's giant body disappeared!

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.