Chapter 72: Legendary Hero Inheritance

() Da Fei felt his balls hurt.

First of all, he had to understand the concept of 100 million yuan. Not to mention the current market price for the game, with the game as an example, if an angel cost 5000 yuan a piece, 100 million yuan could buy 20 thousand! 20 thousand! Even 20 thousand flies could block out the sky, not to mention 20 thousand angels! Was this a war between gods? Was it apocalyptic? Well, there was a fixed number of angels in the city. Even if you had money, you might not have the goods. There was no way you could produce so many.

Then, let's talk about land. One hundred million gold coins could build 100 villages on the new continent! If 100 villages had a lot of land, it'd be a country! Should I pay in batches to build a country?

This old man used his family's budget to build his brother a boat and send troops, pretending to be kind. Then, his brother went underground to fight the war. If he won, his recommendation would be rewarded, and his political achievements would increase. Even if he lost, he wouldn't lose a single hair. It was all his fault. Now, when his brother made demands, he wanted to take his brother's money, and it was 100 million yuan!!

Even if he had big ships from a few eras before, even if Erolyn's specialty was unlimited production, he could fill up the entire ship's stock every time. Plus, his ship speed was amazing, his Nautical Skill was amazing, and he could earn 1 million gold coins by doing long-distance seafaring for a day and a half in real life. One round trip would take three days, so making 100 million wasn't a big deal. 100 rounds would take 300 days, or less than a year.

But it had to be more than one year, right? Two years? How many years of life were there?

Is a ship really worth investing so much? Is this mission really worth investing so much? Is the female ghost's price really that high? If I win, maybe I can make some money, but what if I lose? If I lose the ship, the female ghost instructor will have to die, and this mobile army camp will be wasted. Then, I can start from zero and start a small boat vendor to pay my 100 million yuan debt? Then, I can fight my enemies during the business trip?

Refusing to pay the debt? What the heck, that was a forced deduction by the system! Did he play games with the system? Unless he didn't want this new account, he could just give up this new account!

At the end of the day, this wasn't the kid's fault. The system was blocking players! To be honest, he also felt that a mobile army camp without a population or territory was ridiculous. How could the system make players feel comfortable?

While he was struggling, Otheriman sighed again. "Actually, I believe that with your power, you could have done without a battalion. After all, our budget for this operation didn't include so-called reinforcements. Let's talk about the hidden class you asked for."

A hidden class! Da Fei was shocked! No way. This was a casual offer he made. How could the NPCs really do the same thing for him? Their normal reaction should be "see him out" like Markal!

Oseriman let out a deep breath and said with a fascinated expression, "In the history of Sprite Trainers, there was a legendary hero named Gru. His special skill was to train mediocre Sprite Hand and Human Hand into the legendary Phantom Hand, which could shoot long distances, hit accurately, and ignore obstacles. This was beyond our understanding, it didn't even follow the pattern of life growing. Even today, no one believed his special skill existed. They still thought his special skill was just a legend, maybe even a myth!"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Phantom Hand? The existence mentioned in Markal's notebook? Then, the Illusionary Divine Bow that could ignore obstacles? The Phantom Ballista?

Oseriman continued, "But his achievements are unquestionable in the history books! One thousand years ago, the Hero Continent was invaded by demons, and the Surface World almost fell. The power of justice was suppressed in the last fortress and was on the verge of destruction. In this world's crisis, Hero Gelu came out of seclusion in the ancient forest. He overcame all obstacles and was invincible. He sniped the enemy and rescued the allies under the siege of iron barrels. Under his leadership, the power of justice gathered and formed an unstoppable flood of steel, killing millions of demons. Then, he retreated to the ancient forest. After more than a thousand years, the demon army stopped invading the Surface World on a large scale."

Da Fei was stunned. "And?"

Oseriman shook his head and sighed. "Then, the emperor of the Falcon Dynasty was unhappy with Gelu, who was in the limelight. In order to save the world in the eyes of the alliance, he disregarded the dissuasion of the alliance and sent an army to hell, deciding to deal the final blow. Then, there was no 'then.' The complete annihilation of the expedition destroyed the Falcon Dynasty, which led to the current Lionheart Dynasty. Sigh, stupid humans, life and dynasties are so short…"

Da Fei nodded repeatedly. So this was the king of some failed expedition to hell that was introduced in the game background.

What the heck! Stop showing off your racial superiority! Get to the point! Da Fei quickly asked, "What about the hidden class?"

Oseriman said seriously, "Before Gelu went into hiding, he left three scrolls for the Spirit Kingdom, the Human Kingdom, and the Dwarf Kingdom. These are the legacy scrolls that can inherit his job. Only heroes recognized by the three countries can complete their jobs. I don't know what his job is, but there is one thing I'm sure of!"

Da Fei frowned. "What?"

Oseriman said, "It must be very powerful!"

F*ck! Of course I know power! Are you kidding me?

— System Message: You have received information on the Legendary Hero, Gru's Class inheritance.

Da Fei was shocked! There was a message! It wasn't a lie. There really was a message? Anything with a message was awesome!

Da Fei quickly asked, "Then, how can I get a job?"

Otheriman said seriously, "As long as you complete this difficult task, you will be qualified to work in his profession. At least, you can work two-thirds of the way!"

What the heck! What's the point of getting a job after completing it? I want to do it now! Come to think of it, how could the system be so generous without making any progress? But—

Da Fei was surprised. "You can get two-thirds of the jobs?"

Oseriman smiled. "Of course, as long as you make such a great contribution to the Spirit Kingdom, there's no reason for the Spirit Kingdom to not recognize you. You're going to get one-third of the legacy of the Spirit Kingdom. Then, as a human, our kingdom can make an exception with the humans. The humans will be proud of you, so you can get another one-third of the legacy of the humans. Then there's the Dwarfs. Dwarfs have always been stubborn and autistic. We need you to do something for them. It's not a big deal if you don't do it. Two-thirds of the legacy of Gelu is enough to dominate the world. Um, it's enough to make history!"

Da Fei said in shock, "That is to say, I have to fight underground in my newbie mode?" That would be a loss of 30 attribute points!

Oseriman sighed. "So, you can't force this. After all, it's not easy to get the job of Legendary Hero. I suggest you go back to being a knight."

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! What the heck! Is this old guy trying to persuade me to play it safe? He already put the Legendary job in front of me, and now he's trying to persuade me, a God-Master with two special skills, to go back to being a Knight? I was stuck on Pirate Island, and I almost lost my job. I didn't change my job even after I reached Level 25. You want me to go back to being a Knight? No? Ridiculous.

Da Fei made up his mind!

If I don't change jobs, I'll make up for it with the Banshee camp! It's just 100 million yuan, right? I can easily return after I dominate an area. Who would be stupid enough to run a business? What if I fail? Wahahaha, I'll take it as stealing the retribution of other Banshee. I deserve it! I'll be punished by the heavens! I've already failed enough in my life. How many times do I have to fail?

Da Fei said firmly, "Mayor, I'll reserve this Heroes' Heritage. Please take care of the Banshee camp!"

The mayor laughed and patted Da Fei's shoulder with great satisfaction. "You're really daring! With your courage, you're qualified to inherit the Heroes' Heritage. Leave this to me. With the new situation, you might have to postpone your trip for two days, so there's plenty of time to arrange it. Let's go to the Hunter's Guild to deal with the Blood Eagle's Flute. We can crush the Demon mob with our equipment!"

Da Fei laughed. I'm going to win this time. I have no regrets in my life!

(Requesting various votes)