Chapter 70: Kingdom War Mission: Attack The Abyss Blood Pool

At the City Hall of Eloreen, Mayor Otheriman paced, anxious and excited.

"Mayor, Mr. Da Fei is here."

Oseriman was overjoyed. "Mr. Da Fei, you're finally here! You're here!"

Da Fei chuckled. "Please tell me what you need."

Otheriman nodded and said seriously, "Something has happened! Our purification operation alarmed a mysterious hermit, who sold a map of the underground world with the location of the blood pool in the black market and disappeared."

Da Fei was stunned. "What's an Abyssal Blood Pool?"

Oseriman said seriously, "The nest of the blood-type demon lives. Legend has it that it's a sea of blood sealed in a different space under the abyss. As the moon rises and falls, it rises and falls. When the sea of blood swells, countless demon eggs will be pushed to the coast of the sea of blood. Then, young blood-type demons will break out of their shells under the moonlight. These little demons kill each other to strengthen themselves. When they reach adulthood, they'll grow wings and fly out of the abyss toward the demon world. This is the pool of life for blood-type demons, so the demon god has set up a powerful barrier there. Powerful creatures can't enter, but—"

Otheriman changed the topic and became excited. "But Sir, you can enter! The blood pool is not too far from the Luminous Pool. This is probably why the Luminous Pool is polluted and destroyed by demons! You can reach it by using space transfer many times. Based on the map, Sir's ship reached the Luminous Pool first—"

As he spoke, he pointed at the edge of a white sea on the map. "Once you reach this place, you can teleport the entire ship here. Then, you can move the ship here, and—"

Seeing his hand on the map, Da Fei was confused. Where did I get the teleportation? The technology you provided? The key is—

Da Fei coughed and interrupted him. "Um, Mr. Mayor, why should I be here?"

Otheriman laughed. "Mr. Da Fei, you're a true hero among all the young heroes chosen by us. Once you enter this blood sea space and kill as many demon hives as possible, you'll destroy the flowers of the Devil Race, kill the future of the Devil Race, and reduce the population of the Devil Race. You'll make exceptional contributions to the world tree, the Spirit Kingdom, and the peace and justice of the whole Hero Continent! Your achievements will be recorded in the annals of history. The rewards and status you'll receive will be unimaginable! Are you not tempted?"

Da Fei said, "So, I have a new mission?"

Oseriman nodded. "Right! The Kingdom's General Staff is currently analyzing the reliability of this hermit's map on Riye. Based on the progress over the past few days, this is very similar to the information we have over the years. It explains some of the problems we've encountered over the years. Its reliability is above 50%! If it was this reliable, it'd be enough for a military adventure! So, after Mr. Da Fei cleansed the Luminous Pool, he could kill his way to this Abyssal Blood Pool. There are many newborn demons there. If you can cleanse the Luminous Pool, you can defeat them too!"

How unreliable was this? How could an epic quest suddenly have a new situation? A side quest for an epic quest? F*ck me, I just wanted to build a ship, and you didn't provide wood and tricked me into doing an epic quest. Now you want to give me a side quest? I don't have to do side quests.

Da Fei coughed. "Um, can we not go? I'm already feeling pressured from the Cleansing Lake."

Oseriman patted Da Fei's shoulder and said earnestly, "Mr. Da Fei, if I was 500 years younger, I'd definitely go. But even if I was 500 years younger, I still couldn't go because I didn't have the ability. But Mr. Dafei is different. You're so outstanding, why don't you go?"

There was no reason not to go. There was no reason for high-end players to refuse high-end missions. But Uncle, do you understand what I'm saying? If you don't raise the price, how can you ask a player to do something like adding two pieces of meat per piece?

Da Fei sighed. "Mr. Mayor, I'm in trouble! Can you help me?" Look at Markal. The job hadn't even started yet, but he was already given the rank of a ballista. You can't lower yourself just because you're a low-ranking official, right? Otherwise, you won't be a high-ranking official.

The mayor coughed. "If you have any problems, feel free to tell me. I'll do whatever I can."

Da Fei took out the flute and chuckled. "I want to know what this treasure is for. I also want to build a Banshee camp on the ship. I also want a beautiful sub-hero!" He didn't want to make things difficult for you since he had a full set of God-grade equipment. You'd have to deal with these three small requests.

The mayor's eyelid twitched. He took the flute and exclaimed, "This is the national treasure of our Spirit Kingdom! Only the best navigator recognized by the Spirit King can receive a royal gift!" Then, he excitedly patted Da Fei's shoulder and laughed. "Mr. Da Fei, if you can get this treasure, this mission is yours for sure. No one can stop you anymore, not even the Devil! Why are you hesitating? The chance to make a name for yourself is right here!"

What kind of treasure is this? Da Fei was tempted. "What kind of treasure?"

The mayor laughed. "This is our country's famous national treasure, the Blood Eagle's Flute. With the Imperial Lord's bloodline, it can support a Spirit Eagle that can only share vision with you, increasing your Reconnaissance Skill's upper limit by 1. Mr. Da Fei's skill is at the Grandmaster level now. With it, you can temporarily upgrade to the God-level Reconnaissance Skill! God-level skill! This is something we, useless people, could never imagine even if we tried our whole lives. Mr. Da Fei is indeed the hero we picked out!"

God-level Reconnaissance Skill!

Katerina couldn't help but exclaim, "It's a national treasure. No wonder I couldn't recognize it!"

Da Fei finally remembered what Uncle Juan meant when he said, "I can finally reach the God-level!" He wasn't trying to bite off more than he could chew. He was reaching the top in a single bound!

As a grandmaster, he could easily win an epic quest. Now that he was a God Tier Master, he could easily earn merits!

Da Fei laughed and said, "Please help me, Mr. Mayor. I'll accept this task!"

The mayor laughed. "Great! You're indeed our chosen hero!"

— System Message: You have accepted the Kingdom War Faction mission, "Attack the Abyssal Blood Pool"!

— Novice Guide: The Abyssal Blood Pool is the Evil Demons' kindergarten. Powerhouses cannot enter or guard it under the protection of the Demon God's Barrier. Your attack on the Abyssal Blood Pool will pose a serious threat to the Evil Demons' foundation. The Evil Demons will do their best to deal with it. The Evil Demons have the ability to travel across multiple space planes. If you attack a plane's Evil Demon, you may attract support from other planes.

Da Fei's jaw dropped! Kingdom War Faction Mission? No way, Markal was right! Demons from other dimensions meant demons from other servers. Da Fei was going to fight the demons from North America, the European Union, India, Russia, Korea, and Japan!

(Requesting various votes!)