Chapter 75: A Guide From The Kingdom

The Erolyn Dock was heavily guarded. NPC guards lined up in a wall to stop any players from approaching.

Such an abnormal situation made all the players in the city curious. The players crowded outside the perimeter and discussed.

"It looks like he's trying to seal the scammer Da Fei's ship?"

"Confiscated? Are you kidding? You weren't online yesterday, right? He got close to the mayor and asked him to fix his boat."

"This trash swindler must have swindled money to fix the boat."

"It's not that simple. There's no need to make so much noise while fixing the ship."

"Did you hear? Yesterday, Da Fei stole the boss of Xue Wei Studio and the beautiful hero. Xue Wei Studio is going to hunt him down all over the game."

"No wonder! I knew it! How could Da Fei, a male player, hire a nun? It'd be a problem offending Xue Wei. With a word from her, so many players' fans would kill him."

"F*ck, this is so not good! Trash swindlers have beautiful girls and money. I'd be a part of the whole hunt!"

"Dafei has a big ship and two beautiful heroes. So what if he's being chased by the whole server? As long as he sells his account, he'll earn at least one million yuan. If a big guild buys his account, we can get rid of all the old and new scores."

"You don't understand. The big studios are after him to make him sell his account."

At this moment, a level 10 Druid player named Invincible Soldier, and a level 10 ranger named Invincible Vigor, tiptoed and looked toward the dock.

Hearing everyone's discussion, Brother Wudi said in shock, "I say, Soldier, is there really a game account that can sell for 1 million?"

The Invincible Armament Soldier snorted. "One million? You're talking about US dollars! You think this game is about getting rich overnight? Fine, let's get to level 20 in the Instance Dungeon. If I didn't go around borrowing money to buy machines for you, I'd probably be at level 20 now."

Brother Wudi smiled awkwardly. "Well, I'm your buddy who brings you food all the time. By the way, didn't you say you could get a seafaring license after level 10? Why do you need to get to level 20?"

The Invincible Warrior shook his head and sighed. "Business at Level 10 my ass! What's the point of having a 10-plus-seater boat? When you reach Level 20 and learn Hatred Strike and Archery Skill, you can PvP Undead Orc players and earn Reputation Points and Gold Coins! If you have enough Reputation Points and money, you can buy a 50-plus mediumship! PvP is the first bucket of gold! Rangers are used for PvP. Hey, you don't understand now. You'll understand after I teach you how to kill a few people. Let's go."

"Oh, okay."

• • •

At this time, the renovation of SV Fly was completed. It was propped up on the dock like a hairy moss. All the ladders had been removed. The mages sent by the kingdom were arranging teleportation arrays in an orderly fashion around the SV Fly slider.

Da Fei saw the Great Elder among the group of officials. It was just a day in real life, but it felt like a long time.

The grand elder chuckled at the accompanying official. "This is our chosen hero."

The officials all nodded in approval. "Not bad, he is indeed better than ordinary people."

Better than the average person? I kicked you all away! Isn't that obvious?! Da Fei bowed and said, "You're flattering me."

The elder smiled. "Young friend, I was right about you. Not only did you accept the purification mission, but you also accepted new challenges. I believe you have the ability. As long as you come back victorious, I will do my best to earn merit for you. Everyone here is a witness."

Da Fei chuckled. "Don't worry, elders. I won't disappoint you."

The mayor said with a smile, "Introduce someone to Mr. Dafei. Since the new operation involves teleportation, the kingdom has sent a guide skilled in arcana, Ms. Anwen."

Ma'am! Looking at the small figure in the crowd, whose face couldn't be seen in the black robe, Da Fei laughed in his heart! She really gave him a heroine! Mayor, you made me pay 100 million yuan, now you're feeling guilty?

The black-robed Anwen said calmly, “Please guide me, sir.”

Da Fei was shocked to hear her old and weak voice! No way! Did she send another Granny Rong for him? In his mind, all elven women were beauties! He couldn't imagine what an Elven nanny Rong was like!

— Mission Tip: Anwen joins your team as your temporary sub-hero.

Da Fei quickly opened the sub-hero panel to check her attributes.

Anwen: "At the Faroland Magic Academy, Ms. Anwen has sent off batches of students over the years. She may have retired, but she's not satisfied with the leisure lifestyle of raising bees and growing grass. She's always thinking of doing something meaningful with her passion."

Level: 30

Class: Grandmaster Druid

Talent Skill: Queen of Wasps. Heroes' "Wasps Disturb" could increase damage with level, and there was a chance of blinding.

Occupation Special: Healing Rain

Command Power: 400

Attack: 12

Defense: 26

Mana: 40

Knowledge: 58

Health: 22

Damage: 4-6

Attack Speed: 7

Movement Speed: 5

Equipment: Archdruid Battle Robes (+ 5 mana, + 5 knowledge), Archdruid Staff (+ 10 mana)

Physical Strength: 12 (Extremely Weak)

Skills: Grandmaster-level Arcana Technique, Master-level Meditation, Master-level Defense, Master-level Leadership, Master-level Luck Skill, Master-level Archery, Master-level Logistics Skill.

Number of troops: 100 Druids, 50 Jungle Scamper.

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! Are you serious?! She was really an old lady! The problem was, how could there be a level 30 old lady? How could a level 30 hero have so many Master-level skills with extra belts? Even if she had equipment, her attribute points were definitely not the same as a level 30 hero's. And why did she lose 22 health points in the wind? Why was she so weak?

Seeing Da Fei's stunned expression, the first elder sighed. "It seems you've noticed something. Yes, this operation involves high-level teleportation and unknown demon domains. This is not something young heroes can do. So—Ms. Anwen sacrificed her level to reach the boundary at level 30, ignoring her own health, just so she could go with the young heroes."

Da Fei was suddenly enlightened! Self-possession! No way, an NPC would do something like this? Only crazy players would do something like this. In some games, there would be hidden quests or special dungeons with very rich rewards, limiting them to low-level players. When some high-level players learned of the quest process, they would even lower their levels to accept the quest, which was to say, if you wanted to learn the Divine Skill, you had to do it first, or it would be called "Self-possession!" In the Hero Genesis, the penalty for dropping levels was to reduce all attributes obtained during leveling, other than Skill Points. The reason why skills weren't dropped was because the things learned wouldn't be forgotten by failure.

Anwen chuckled. “I’m old and don’t have much time left. I want to do one last meaningful thing for the kingdom in the final stage, while also clearing the obstacles for the young people.”

The officials praised, "Ms. Anwen is so noble and unquestionable, we're no match for her!"

So that's how it is! The older, the wiser! With such an amazing hero around, I'm more confident!

Da Fei quickly bowed. "Please guide me in the future, Teacher An Wen."

The mayor sighed. “Ms. Anwen is very weak right now and needs to rest on the ship. We can’t help you with the purification mission.”

This wasn't a quest NPC anyway. Da Fei quickly said, "We don't need to alarm Teacher Anwen about something as trivial as purification. I'll be fine."

The mayor smiled. “Alright, let’s all get on the ship. The medical room, the adjutant room, and sir’s camp have all been fixed. Let’s let Ms. Anwen rest first.”

The officials laughed. "Alright, let's see the warrior's warship."

(Looking for various votes)

Please read the app.