Chapter 77: Entering The Pool Of Light

With a loud boom, the scene changed. A green and white world appeared.

— Boom! Boom! SV Fly's giant body crashed into the water, creating a huge wave. As it shook violently, Da Fei saw the situation around him.

The white water glittered with white light, while the green trees had thick roots that glowed with green light. Countless roots formed an endless forest above the water, like a giant net falling from the sky. The sky was green like the stars, giving off a green light.

There was water in the forest, and there was forest in the water. SV Fly's giant body looked like a small cruise ship in the forest.

— Mission tips: You have reached the Pool of Light. The epic quest, "Pool of Purification," has officially begun. Please kill all the monsters in the Pool of Light.

At this moment, Da Fei's map had a big patch of red dots, like a dense cloud. This was the radar effect of the God-level Reconnaissance Skill.

Da Fei's eyelids jumped! There couldn't be so many magical creatures here, could there? Da Fei quickly took out a pair of binoculars and scanned the root forest. He couldn't help but gasp. There were countless giant beetles the size of dogs on the tree roots! Were they all monsters?

— Siphon: Attack? Defense? Life? Damage? Attack Speed? Movement Speed? Special skill: Flying Creature.

What the heck! Let's not ask how strong these bugs are first. I doubt my ship has as much ammunition as these bugs! And this is only this area. Who knows how many bugs there are in other areas? Is this Purification asking me to kill all these bugs?

At this moment, Katerina jumped off the control tower. "Captain, there's no wind at all. Our ship can't move! Please tell us to move."

Move? Where to? Why would he need to move when there were tens of thousands of demonic creatures on the tree roots? A journey of a thousand miles started with a single step. Since he was already here, he should start with these insects.

Da Fei waved his hand. "Get ready to fight bugs!"

Katerina laughed. "OK!" For a moment, the forest hunters on either side of the ship started to change their formation, forming a 100-man formation.

— Forest Hunter: Attack: 6, Defense: 5, Health: 14, Damage: 5-8, Attack Speed: 13, Movement Speed: 13, Commander Value: 2, Recruitment Cost: 410 Gold. Special Skill: 2 Consecutive Shooting, Piercing, Precise Shooting, Arrows, Melee Punishment.

This was the Level 3 Soldier, Forest Hunter, which the elves were proud of. It was undoubtedly the strongest Level 3 Soldier, and its damage was almost as high as a Level 4 recruitment price. His special skill, Second Successive Shooting, far exceeded the damage of a Level 4 Soldier. In the same month of production, Forest Hunter had the dominance of a Level 7 Ranged Soldier, Titan, as soon as he made a move. It was a long-range unit with a piercing skill, which fully displayed the special skill of Second Successive Shooting. The Second Successive Shooting also showed off the high-luck attributes of the elves. Therefore, in battle, the formation of Forest Hunters was filled with rainbow lights, so dazzling that no one could look at them directly.

The Jungle Scamper's attack speed of 13 points was a nightmare for all long-range units in other races. Even if the opponent was Titan, the strongest long-range fighter in the Neutral Power School, it was very likely that he would be shot to death by the Jungle Scamper in the first round. In short, once the Jungle Scamper started attacking freely, defeat was inevitable.

The weakness of the Jungle Scamper was obvious. It had very little HP and wasn't immune to mental spells. Compared to an Omega Level 7 long-range creature like the Titan, which had high HP, high defense, and immunity, there was still a huge gap.

Now that the first battle was around the corner, he couldn't be careless. Da Fei still had four Free Skill Points. He learned Level 1 Archery Skill when he was learning the Voyager last time. These four points didn't matter. He could upgrade all of them.

— System Message: You spent 1 Skill Point to learn Intermediate Archery. The damage of Heroes and Long-range units increased by 20%.

• • •

— System Message: You used one Skill Point to learn Master-level Archery. The damage of the Hero and the Long-range units has increased by 50%.

Of course, other than the Elven students who had three long-range units and needed to learn archery, there were few long-range units among the other races, and they didn't deal much damage. It wasn't worth learning archery. But if he could learn archery at the Master-level, he could learn it from the Master-level war machine, and the sub-skill, the Ballista Master, could create a new machine student skill: Three-layered Crossbow!

— Triple Combo Ballista: After the hero mastered the Precise Archery Skill, he would be able to maximize the Ballista's functions, firing three arrows in a row. The price is that the Ballista's durability would decrease. (Note: Combination skills can only appear when the main skills of both disciplines reach the Master-level. If you haven't graduated from any disciplines yet, how can you cross disciplines and play combinations?)

As a result, archery had its uses for the mechanical style. From this perspective, the elves were actually very suitable to play with the commonly seen ballista, Turtle Hole Style, which meant long-range troops could surround the ballistae, while close-range fighters like the Unicorn could surround the long-range troops and shoot happily. Their firepower and defense were much stronger than humans'.

But it would be a waste of the elves' mobility advantage, which was not worth it for the elves. Similarly, for the Infernals, who only had one Banshee long-range weapon and relied on ballistae to start the game, archery was a tricky thing.

Now that the skills were in place, the arrow formation was ready.

As an expert, Da Fei obviously wouldn't shoot all of them at once, because he was worried they'd charge at him like a swarm of bees. In the game, since there were high-speed movements and easy dodging attacks, flying types, especially small, high-speed flying types, were almost invincible. If he encountered them, he'd have to aim for the first arrow! Otherwise, the flying soldiers wouldn't give the long-range soldiers a chance to play.

Bugs usually fought in groups, so what he needed to do now was to lure them out.

Da Fei ordered one of the Forest Hunters to shoot at a beetle on the tree.

* Rustle! * When the arrows left his hands, -5! The beetle exploded into a cloud of white liquid.

— System Message: Your unit killed a Siphoning Beetle. You received 4 experience points.

— System Message: You received incomplete information on the Sucking Beetle.

Holy shit! A weakling with 5 HP!

The moment the beetle was killed, all the bugs behind the tree roots were alarmed! Hundreds of beetles charged at them! It was a group fight!

A golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, cast Master-level light spell "Power of Righteousness" on the troops. Attack + 15, duration of the spell is 1 day in the game.

Da Fei waved his hand. "Shoot!"

Boom! Boom! Two layers of arrows flew out of his hands. The air was filled with white fireworks, and the bugs exploded under the arrows. With the hero's attack attributes and the addition of skills and magic, the damage of Forest Hunters increased by more than two or three times! Especially for Katrina, an all-out attack pirate led by 18 hunters, her damage was increased by five or six times!

It was easy to kill five or six beetles with such high damage! This was the effect he wanted! If he ambushed the beetles on the tree roots, he wouldn't be able to deal a lot of damage, and the beetles behind the tree roots would be caught off guard.

With the first battle easily won, Da Fei breathed a sigh of relief. Milky-white liquid flowed out of the tree roots on this side of the clearing beetle.

Looking at the beetles, which were as weak as farmers, and the large patch of red clouds on the map, he felt something was wrong.

Was the mission really about getting rid of all the bugs? This was only a small area, and the area was only a small area on the map of the Luminous Pool.

Did I bring enough ammunition for the whole ship? And there's more than just these weak beetles here, right? How long do I need to clear out all the bugs on this map? There's no wind, and the ship can't move. Do I need a magic sail? Is the magic power enough for me to clean the area?

Da Fei felt a sharp pain in his ass! He thought he could kill some Bosses and monsters easily with the help of the Giant Warship Cannon, an Epic Mission, but it turned out to be like this? If this ship was a pirate's sailboat, it'd have been better. What should he do now? He couldn't use his power, but he couldn't use his power!

While he was thinking, a buzzing sound came from the sky. Da Fei became alert!

More beetles! Hundreds of them came out of nowhere and jumped onto the tree root, which was now empty, and started to suck again!

Holy shit! Please don't tell me these beetles are limitless? If so, this is telling me that the key to this mission isn't killing these beetles! It's destroying the nest!

So that's how it is! After thinking it through, Da Fei took out the Blood Eagle's Flute. He clicked on it, and an invisible, blurry eagle appeared. In an instant, Da Fei's map shrunk again. There was a sea of red on the map. What the heck, he couldn't see anything from the map anymore. He'd better share his vision with the eagle.

Da Fei controlled the eagle to fly in the same direction the bug came from. It was like he was on a plane. The scene in front of him was incredible. This treasure was so useful. Oh no, he really didn't want to give it back!

Finally, he found it! A huge, squirming blob of meat with countless tentacles around the roots, countless beetles flying out of the holes!

What the heck, it's so disgusting, it's the only one who didn't run! Wait, I'll kill it!

(Yesterday, I miscalculated the general power and changed it. I'm busy with the check-up this week, sorry.)

Please read the app.