Chapter 73: Conditions To Repair The Blood Eagle Flute

Shumilouco

Wanderer Guild was where elven players changed their jobs to hero-worshipers. Elves were born to bear grudges, and Wanderer jobs dealt the most damage.

Ranger: Every increase in the class skill level, the unit's movement speed will increase by 10%, and the damage to enemies will increase by 10%.

The so-called old enemy was when the Elven rangers killed hundreds of creatures, they could use the "Hatred Memory", a must-have skill, to classify the creature as their old enemy. The other skills were even more brutal against the old enemy, such as the 30% chance to double-kill the old enemy, and the "Violent Arrow Rain", which killed all the old enemies. The old enemy skill could only be used with the Elven soldiers.

It was precisely because the elves dealt so much damage to their old enemies that the elves were one of the fastest upgraded races in the early stages. In the later stages, combined with Luck Skills, Luck of the Elves, Precision Shot, and other skills, they doubled or even tripled the damage. The elves led by rangers moved very fast, making them the most suitable race for fast attacks, guerrilla attacks, and opponents the demons feared the most.

However, the weakness of the elves was very obvious. There were too few soldiers! The army couldn't afford to die. Experts could use the elves to be cool, but rookies didn't. Losing a battle would be a setback. Similarly, because there were too few elven soldiers, they were especially afraid of the mid- and late-stage magical battle, so the "Magic Resistance Barrier", a level-five Elven soldier, became an important protection for the elves. This was why the "Unicorn Girl" hero in the current Supernova team became an expensive rare hero.

In short, the elves played with mobility and explosive power, and they weren't suited for large-scale head-on battles. This was why the elves had to rely on humans. Humans, of course, had no qualms about sending thousands of civilian soldiers to their deaths on the meat grinder battlefield. Therefore, instead of saying the elves relied on humans, it was more like they used humans. The alliance of the human elves was probably based on this relationship of benefits. They had a good time together for thousands of years.

Now, Da Fei, accompanied by the mayor and his friends, oh no, led them into the ranger guild. With the guards leading the way, the players at the entrance of the guild made way. The other Elven players looked at each other and discussed.

Haha, this is what it looks like. This is what it looks like! Envy? Jealous? Hatred? Of course. I'm a high-end player, totally different from ordinary players like you, who are at the bottom of the game, killing monsters, mining, and gathering grass. But this is all based on the premise that I can complete this task. If I do it, I'll be successful! If I can't, maybe I'll still be a VIP in this city, but at least I won't be treated like this. What the heck, if I can't do it, I'll have to delete my account with a 100 million yuan debt! Once I delete my account, all these players will be celebrating! Am I stupid like sacrificing myself to make everyone happy? No! No matter what, I have to win this time!

On the top floor of the guild, the group saw the leader of the Rangers Guild, Gilion. He was a middle-aged elf with camouflage paint all over his face. His sharp gaze made Da Fei tense up.

The mayor introduced them, and the two of them finished chatting. Then, Otheriman called out, "I have something to do. Please take your time!"

Da Fei smiled. "Take care, sir!"

Gilion said calmly, "Thank you for your concern, sir. See you."

After the mayor and his people left, only Da Fei and the president were left in the room. Then, the president's face darkened. The harmonious atmosphere was gone.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. He seemed unhappy?

While this Gilrian wasn't as old as the elder from the Druid Guild, he must have a high status. The elder was invited by the mayor with a name card, and now that the mayor had delivered himself to his doorstep, it meant he had to do whatever he wanted, whether he wanted to or not.

As expected, Guillain's gaze turned cold. He looked unhappy. "I would only see young warriors with outstanding military achievements, but you only invested in a single product, yet the mayor thinks so highly of you. He even thinks you're better than all the candidates in our country. This is really hard to believe."

Tch! This operation concerned the survival of my account. No matter how much you ridiculed and complained, you had to get it done!

Da Fei smiled faintly and hugged Katerina and the nun. "Maybe I'm not the strongest individual, but I have the most resources. Let me ask you, is that young warrior stronger than me? Which young hero has a warship as big as mine?"

Gilion snorted and reached out his hand. "Give it to me!"

Da Fei chuckled and handed the flute to him. "Thank you, sir."

Gilion took the flute and smiled coldly. "This is our country's national treasure. Repairing it is not a problem, but the guild has its rules. It has not been broken for thousands of years. You cannot break it either."

Dafei was surprised. "What rules?"

Gillion sneered. "To do missions, of course. To gain reputation and merit points! You think you can get such a special service without making any contributions?"

Holy sh * t! Are you making things difficult for me? Why would I earn Mission Reputation if I went to the upper-class?

Dafei was stunned. "But the mayor already said so!"

Gilion said coldly, "I only saw you because of the mayor. Do you think you have the right to see me?"

What the heck! Did I offend a player or an NPC? Do I have a grudge against you?

Da Fei sighed. "I'm on my way to war. I don't have time to do missions to earn merit points."

Guillermo stroked the flute and said coldly, "The rules of the guild cannot be broken. This national treasure must be officially given to you by the royal family during a large-scale ritual. Only then will the rights of the recipient not be questioned. I don't know how you got it, but you don't deserve it either. There is only one way to deal with it!"

Dafei was surprised. "Ah?"

Gilrien said coldly, "I can fix it, but it won't belong to you after it's fixed. There's no way you can get a treasure without merit or fame. I can lend it to you for this mission. After this mission, you have to give it back to me, no matter what."

Da Fei's eyes widened! Are you serious?

Gilineh continued, "In fact, don't have too many fantasies about this treasure. It can indeed raise you to God-level with Grandmaster-level Reconnaissance Skill, but this God-level skill is fake. You still can't learn God-level sub-skill. The biggest use of this treasure is enlightenment."

Dafei said in shock, "Qi Di?"

Gillion nodded. "That's right. It's to open a door for you to truly understand a God-level skill. You've learned a Grandmaster-level skill, so you must have had a deep impression of the amazing feeling when you learned a skill. It's even harder to understand a God-level skill, so many people don't have the opportunity even if they tried their whole lives. The purpose of this treasure is to make you stay in the God-level position first, then you can slowly feel it and understand it. That is to say, if you successfully learned a God-level skill during this mission, this treasure would be useless. How is it? I'm busy too. If you don't want to, find someone else!"

Then, he tossed the flute back to Da Fei.

What the heck! I don't have time or connections to find someone better! Whether I can understand it or not, as long as I succeed in this mission, a flute is nothing! I'll give it to you as a thank-you gift. If I fail this mission, I won't even keep my account, so why bother with a flute?

Da Fei handed the flute to the president again and said seriously, "I agree to the president's terms. Please take care of me!"

(Requesting various votes!)

C

"Yes."