Chapter 74: The Battle Is Coming

Shumilouco

Repairing treasures required two days of game time. After leaving the guild, Da Fei let out a deep breath.

Everything he could do was done. Anything he couldn't do, he'd make a big deal out of it. Players played by the rules of the game. The NPCs might be equivalent exchange ATMs; if he didn't play by the rules, the NPCs would become slot machines, and who would win?

This game was a little too big, but how big could it be? It wasn't so big that he could sell shares, pyramid scheme, jump off a building, and hang himself. In fact, even if he lost the game, he could still make a comeback. He had two powerful female sub-heroes. Even if he became a pirate and stole from the rest of the world, he could still make enough money. Even if he couldn't make a living, he could just sell his account. Then, there would be big bosses who liked beautiful female sub-heroes to fill his debt. What was he afraid of?

What was an ideal? An ideal was like a giant pancake. You had to fight for your dreams. What was fighting? Fight if you wanted to. Fight if you wanted to? Fight if you wanted to! How many fights could there be in life when there were limited opportunities? Do you think you could realize your dreams just by suffering? I don't know. I just know that time waits for no man. At least in the game, I dare to fight.

Now, he didn't have anything to do. After settling down at the hotel, Da Fei set up the mission alert function, took off his helmet, and went offline.

It was already 4 a.m. Even the cold wind of the Chinese New Year couldn't stop the noise from coming from the night market barbecue shop downstairs. Da Fei ate instant noodles and steamed buns, then looked at the night sky through the smoke rising from the barbecue stall. There were no stars in the night sky of big cities, but Da Fei still remembered his childhood wish to catch a meteor while enjoying the cool in the countryside.

At the time, his wish was to be a scientist, create a space fortress filled with laser cannons, and travel to the sea of stars! It was only later that he realized this was the director's job. So, his dream was to be a director and kill all the pretty girls and celebrities! Then, he realized this wasn't something ordinary directors could do. It was more like doing it in the game! That year, he entered the game. He became the president of the number one Chinese guild, the Dragon Slayer Guild. He had a lot of subordinates, hahahaha!

Who said I was a failure? I've always been fulfilling my dreams! Tomorrow is my new journey. I'll use my absolute equipment advantage to defeat all the evil players in the world!

Da Fei drank all the instant noodles. He went to bed without washing up.

• • •

What Da Fei didn't know was that while he was in the guild, all the Evil Demon players around the world had been shaken. All the Evil Demon players with more than 10 thousand merit points and a rank of 100 Demon Commander (equivalent to a human lieutenant) received a system notification.

— System Message: The war between species across service zones is about to begin. Heroes who are committed to responding to the Devil King's summons, please register at the Devil King's Palace.

After the registration, it was time to standby. Where was the battlefield? When was the battle? The system didn't give any further prompts, so all the Evil Demon players didn't agree. As a result, the entire world's Hero Forum was in chaos, and entertainment media outlets from all over the world rushed to gather information. In short, the initial conclusion was that this was a war between Evil Demons!

According to the game's usual settings for demons, this was the rhythm of demons invading the world! But the game had only been launched for less than 10 days, so it was hard to believe.

Faced with the customer service calls from all over the world, the game producers only answered, "This is the result of the supercomputer mission, it's not an official event. GM has no right to interfere with the game's mainframe's operation. Players, please look forward to the system's prompt."

Akihabara, Tokyo. The world-renowned appliance city. Anime City. The arcade.

At 6 a.m. in Tokyo, the seventh floor of the Akihabara Mitsubishi software building was brightly lit. This was the headquarters of the world-renowned professional e-sports team, Mitsubishi.

Ever since the Mitsubishi battle team acquired the Hell Gate Master and the Mech Master, the two Godly Heroes of the Infernal race, the Mitsubishi battle team had focused on the development of the Infernal race. They created a group called the 'Luosheng Gate', which had 30 world-class professional players and 1000 external players. They were the most powerful professional team in the world.

Now, the Mitsubishi team's manager, 50 Lan Yixing, called for a meeting with the 30 core members of the Luo Sheng Men team. At the long conference table, each member wore a black uniform with the three blood-red Han-style armbands on the sleeves. Even after working all night, these members still looked sharp and energetic.

Fifty Lan was very happy with the team members' attitude. She nodded with satisfaction. "Everyone, we gathered everyone here because of what just happened. Mr. Hirata, what do you think?"

Mr. Hirada, a world-renowned e-sports player in the Japanese district. Game ID: Ghost Slash, Left-Handed Godly Hero Master.

A member with short hair and almost bald head stood up and shouted angrily, "Boss! If I don't go back now, all of my soldiers will die!"

Fifty Lan's expression darkened. He waved his hand. "Fight, young man!"

"Yes, sir!" Mr. Hirada bowed and ran out of the venue.

Fifty Lan looked at the next person. "Mr. Zhong, what do you think?"

One plane leader stood up with a determined expression. "World Dominance! Above!"

Tsukumoto Shizuka, game ID: General Hattori, User of the Godly Hero Hell Gate.

Everyone stood up and shouted, "World Dominance!"

Fifty Lan stood up with satisfaction and clapped. "Great! This Faction War is destined to be a stage for Japan. The chairman just called me. For this operation, no matter where the battlefield is, no matter who the opponent is, everyone has to do their best to win! I hope everyone can work together!"

Everyone raised their arms and shouted, "World Dominance, do your best!"

• • •

A new day began. The system reminded Da Fei that the alarm woke him up. Da Fei immediately jumped up, grabbed the bread and cow, rushed into the bathroom, squatted down, took care of his internal energy in 30 seconds, washed his face in 10 seconds, didn't brush his teeth, returned to his seat in one minute, put on his helmet, and entered the game. A row of system notifications appeared.

— System Message: The Blood Eagle's Flute has been fixed. Please head to the Ranger Guild to receive it.

— System Message: It is time to pick up the Phantom Ballista with Teacher Markal. Please collect it from the Office of the Duke of St. Paul.

— System Message: Your SV Fly has completed the modification.

— System Message: The Elven Kingdom's mages are arriving. Please be in position.

— System Message: Epic Mission "Pond of Cleansing Light" has a countdown of 24 hours. Please make the final preparations.

What the heck! The last day was still the busiest!

Da Fei went straight to the ranger guild. He saw Gilion on the way. "Use it well. Don't damage it!"

F*ck! He really wanted to be the owner! Da Fei didn't want to waste time talking to him. He rushed toward the teleportation circle and reached St. Paul's Harbor. With the butler's slow guidance, Da Fei finally had time to look at this God-level treasure.

— Blood Eagle's Flute: Supplementary Equipment, [S] class treasure. Increases Reconnaissance Skill level by 1. Summons a Spirit Eagle, which can only share vision with the user, to help with the Reconnaissance Skill. (Quest item cannot be traded or dropped.)

Renting items! Tch!

— System Message: You have equipped the Blood Eagle's Flute, your Reconnaissance Skill has temporarily reached God-grade!

— God-level Reconnaissance Skill: Your map will have a radar function. Any moving target in your field of vision will be shown on the map.

As expected, Da Fei's map had a lot of movable green dots, all of which were players and city NPCs! What the heck! What's the point? Hm? Why is the dot in front of me red?

Da Fei looked up. It was Gatherer Butler Rayer. At this moment, Da Fei suddenly noticed a new introduction: Rayer, Vampire Leader, Attack? Defense? Life? Speed?

Vampire! Da Fei was shocked! How could there be a Vampire? What the heck, as a servant of the Liege of Death, it wasn't surprising that he was a Vampire. Did that mean he was exposed under his God-level Reconnaissance Skill? This God-level skill was amazing!

Just then, the butler suddenly stopped and turned around. Oh no, he noticed? Da Fei hurriedly removed the Blood Eagle and pretended not to notice. "Sir, what is this?"

The butler chuckled and bowed. "Sorry, sorry. Please continue."

Da Fei broke out in a cold sweat. What the heck, even a servant was so powerful. He couldn't equip this thing in front of Markal, just like the Voyager's Sword.

It was still the Magic Library. Da Fei saw his Grandpa Christmas, Markal. "Hello, teacher. Happy holidays!"

Markal chuckled. "You came at the right time. I've prepared the Phantom Ballista you need. It has 100 Magic Power Bows and is very expensive. Please use it sparingly. I'll also give you an extra medical tent and a siege machine to show my appreciation." A shiny golden war machine space bag appeared in Da Fei's hand.

— System Message: You received Advanced War Machine Space Package.

— System Message: You received a medical tent.

— System Message: You have received the Special War Machine, the "Phantom Ballista" (Mission Rent item, unavailable for trade, self-destruct if lost.)

— Advanced War Machine Space Package: A large space pack that could carry ballistae, medical tents, and siege engines.

— Phantom Ballista: A Ballista with the addition of a special skill, [Oblivion], and a special arrow function.

Ignore the Beguilement! Just this extra attribute was the difference between the God-grade ballista's mortal-level ballista! With its brother's cannonballs, he could kill a boss! Haha, wahahaha!

Da Fei said excitedly, "Thank you for the gift, Teacher!" But Teacher, giving me a normal medical tent siege machine would be too embarrassing, right? Forget it. I was bullied by the NPCs. I didn't dare to ask for more stuff from them.

Markal chuckled. "I borrowed it from you. Are you confident in going out?"

Da Fei sighed. "Teacher, you have incredible foresight. The Elven Kingdom is really naive. It's so easy!"

Markal chuckled. "Only challenging challenges show the value of a warrior. Go, face the challenge."

"I will not disappoint you!"

(Sorry, this week's unit examination, the cigarette tank is a part-time writer.)

C

"Yes."