Chapter 81: Training Female Scouts

Seeing Deirdre's terrified expression, Da Fei felt pity for her. Even if there was a mistake, it was his fault. How could he blame her?

Da Fei took the chance to pull Dierdri into his arms. He comforted her panicked heart and sighed. "It's okay. This definitely isn't your problem. After all, the first Banshee is normal."

Deirdre leaned on Dafei's shoulder and quickly nodded. "Thank you, Master! I felt a strong resistance when recruiting troops. I've never encountered anything like this!"

Da Fei took a deep breath of the fragrance. Why was there such a big mistake? Was he feeling so happy? So happy! Happiness made him feel more confident. Now was the time to investigate the truth.

The first Banshee was given by the system for free when the camp was completed. This was the design of the camp. Like the Sea Anemone King's camp, there was a stock of 1 soldier as soon as the camp was completed. If the first Banshee was a regular Banshee, it meant there was nothing wrong with the camp. It wasn't a fake structure.

Da Fei asked, "Where do you think the resistance came from?"

Deirdre said, "The first obstacle is of course opening the space door between hell and here. Of course, it's not a problem. The second obstacle is where our camp is. Our camp is in a different space created by Mages. If we want to transport the troops here, we need to break through this obstacle. It's a little harder than usual, but it's not a problem if I work harder. Then, I encountered a third obstacle. This obstacle is very big."

Da Fei frowned. "Is it the boundary of the World Tree?"

Deirdre said noncommittally, "Our demoness race is different from other battle-type demons. We don't teleport in the physical body, we teleport in the demonic soul. When we reach the other world, we use the summoner's power to reform our bodies. It's because our bodies are all illusory that we have the special skill of body metamorphosis. If the demoness lost too much of her demonic soul during the transfer, there's a chance the transfer would fail. Maybe, in this situation, I've never heard of such a thing. I can only guess."

So this was the case! Da Fei remembered that night. It was the same red mist from last night, when the Blood Vision Studio summoned the Banshee Boss. This was probably the Banshee's so-called demonic soul. Demons were not physically weak. They could be easily mistaken during teleportation.

It must be a problem with the barrier of the World Tree. There was no way to escape! What should he do now? Should he drive the boat outside the barrier to call for reinforcements? Wait, outside the barrier?

Outside the barrier! In that instant, Da Fei had an idea! He seemed to have some idea.

Deirdre continued, "But you don't need to be disappointed. Even though she only summoned a minor, there are advantages to being a minor too, which is that her skills aren't fixed and have room for growth. If I train her myself, she might grow into a useful talent in the future."

Da Fei frowned. "There's room for improvement? Training?"

Deirdre chuckled. "It's a little time-consuming, but I have nothing to do anyway. I can't waste your money anymore!"

A sudden thought occurred to Da Fei! He waved his hand and summoned the pinkish demoness in front of him. He began to study her closely! Any normal man would study her closely, right?

Dafei asked, "She seems to know how to fly?"

Deirdre smiled. "Yeah, most young demons know how to fly. When they grow up, their weight increases, and their bodies grow to be ineligible for flying, so their wings become accessories. But I'm different. I'm a pretty female monster!"

Dafei chuckled. "Of course."

He could train people in the army too! How?

— Expert-level Reconnaissance Skill: Increases the hero's field of vision by 80%. Can see the enemy hero's equipment from afar. Can train soldiers in the hero's own castle: Scouts.

Scout: Level 1 Soldier, Attack: 0, Defense: 0, Health: 10, Damage: 0-1, Attack Speed: 10, Movement Speed: 15, Command Value: 1, Special Skill: Advanced Reconnaissance Skill, Stealth Move, Independent Battle. Training Cost: 500 gold (Most expensive Level 1 Soldier)

That is to say, as long as a player learned the Expert-level Reconnaissance Skill, they could train some NPC citizens who didn't know anything to be scouts with their own castles. Training prerequisites: NPCs who didn't know any skills! Advanced Reconnaissance Skill, Stealth Move, etc., was mentioned many times before. Individual expedition meant this type of unit didn't need a hero to lead the team, they could scout their destination. Training cost 500 gold coins, close to the recruitment level of a Level 5 unit!

Don't think it's too expensive! Pay attention to the prerequisite for his training: an NPC who didn't know any skills! NPCs who knew skills were basically fixed. There was no room for growth.

But who didn't know how to use skills in life? Even a farmer knew how to use Tax Skills! Tax Skills were amazing too. It wasn't easy to find a blank NPC in the city who didn't know any skills!

Useless was useful!

That's right. Da Fei's idea was to train this underage Banshee into a scout. Now that he couldn't do any scouting, if he could train a flying Banshee Scout, wouldn't it be amazing?

But the key question right now was, could soldiers be considered ordinary NPCs? If Dierdri could transform into an ordinary NPC, then he could consider her an ordinary NPC. The other question was, she was born with a flying skill, so was she a Normal Rank NPC? The other question was, this was a ship, not a castle. Could this be a training ground?

F*ck! What's there to worry about? It's just 500 gold coins. It's no big deal! The legendary hero, Gelu, could train ordinary archers with skills to become Phantom Archers in the wild. I was in the army camp, after all, facing a creature with room to grow. Not to mention I could do this with a God-level Reconnaissance Skill at the Expert-level. I have to try!

He opened the skill panel to train his scout skills!

— System Message: Are you going to train "Underage Banshee" into a scout type?

— System Message: Training Scouts requires Maximum Stamina. Please note the various requirements for training Scouts. If the conditions are not suitable, you may fail. At the same time, the loss of Gold Coin during training will not be refunded.

There was nothing to say. He was sure!

A white light shot out from Da Fei's hand. The entire demoness was enveloped by the white light. Da Fei's Stamina began to decrease rapidly! Decrease! 50%! 30%! 10%! His Stamina was red! His Stamina was empty! What the heck!

— System Message: Very sorry! Your stamina is not enough to train the scout. Training failed!

F*ck! I really failed! Can't I just use the Banshee?

— System Message: You have learned the related skill "Special Forces Training Skill"!

Da Fei was shocked! He didn't fail completely! He got a surprise! Special Forces Training Skill? What skill is this? Da Fei quickly opened the Reconnaissance Skill Skill Book and flipped through it. It didn't have any skills!

Da Fei's eyes widened. Could it be another God-level skill?

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.