Chapter 84: Special Forces Training Technique

Shumilouco

— System Message: You successfully trained a Succubus Emperor soldier. You received + 500 experience.

Experience? That's right. There was experience in the game in fixing ores, reading, fishing, etc. Da Fei laughed. His Level 7 army was growing!

Da Fei began to look at the special skill he learned, "Special Forces Training Skill." Hm? Suddenly, Da Fei's eyes widened in shock. This skill was—

— Elementary Special Forces Training Skill: Hero had a chance to train some ordinary soldiers into special soldiers with special combat power.

— Skill Introduction: Special Forces Training is an extremely secretive subject. It involves high-level military secrets. There are no public skills books to learn and upgrade. At the same time, there are strict requirements for soldiers and instructors on the training ground. Players have to rely on their own exploration and practice to understand, level up, and improve.

Da Fei's eyes widened! It was a learned main skill! The same main skill as the Attack Skill and Defense Skill! What the heck, he thought it was just a sub-skill for the Reconnaissance Skill!

Come to think of it, training the Succubus Emperor originated from the Reconnaissance Skill, but it was already out of the Reconnaissance Skill category. He'd have to give it a special subject, a very big and profound one at that! But it'd be a pain to not have any skill books, right? Voyagers didn't have textbooks, but they could ask other Voyagers for advice. There probably wouldn't even be people asking for tips on this kind of special training. It was top-secret! Of course, there were advantages to not having textbooks, and learning on your own didn't cost skill points.

This beginner skill was pretty shabby. It was called a passive automatic skill, but it didn't add any attributes. It was called an active skill, but it didn't have any click options, which meant it didn't have sub-skills. It was just a line of text. It needed improvement.

Now, Da Fei could ask someone for advice.

Da Fei quickly asked, "Deirdre, do you know the Special Forces Training Skill? I learned this skill after successfully developing the Succubus Emperor."

Deirdre smiled. "As expected of the owner. Of course I know about the special forces training. It's an open secret."

Da Fei was shocked. "The secret is public?"

Deirdre shook her head with a smile. "What I mean is, every race and every kingdom has special forces, and they all have special forces training. Everyone knows this. Many bards in taverns have stories about this, and many people are mesmerized by them. But how to train special forces is top secret. In short, letting enemies or allies know you have special forces that are rumored to be overblown by the people is a strategy that the kingdoms have been using."

So that was the case. The rumor was that the Snow Leopard and Dragon Group all had superpowers, so it was pretty good to scare people. Did the mythical Gru get exaggerated too?

Da Fei asked, "As an instructor, have you heard of how to upgrade and perfect this skill?"

Deirdre shook her head. "I'm ashamed! But with the Hellish Special Forces, the Holy Demon Legion, as an example, the commander-in-chief of the army, Xeron, always picks the best demons to join the Special Forces. Based on this, the only way for the master to break through is to successfully train an adult demoness to become a succubus."

— System Message: You have information on the special forces' Holy Devil Legion.

Ignoring the random information, Da Fei said in shock, "Directly train an adult demoness? How?" The Succubus Emperor predicted a level 7 soldier, right? A level 4 soldier could jump to a level 7 soldier?

Deirdre shook her head and sighed. "I can't do it! All I can do is train the young Succubus Emperor to adulthood. In my opinion, Master should wait until the Succubus Emperor is an adult. If she didn't even know their attributes, how could Master train ordinary Banshee Kings to become Succubus Emperors?"

Da Fei was enlightened. "Right, right, right. I was too impatient! You have a point. Anyway, let's raise the child first, then we can slowly study it, hehe!"

It seemed that training children was just an entry-level skill for seedlings. It wasn't a skill. He could only train adult Banshee directly. Right, he couldn't spend his whole life recruiting children in the enchantment. He couldn't always have Deirdre as a nanny. In short, when he had money, he'd hit the adult Banshee hard! It was just 500 gold coins, it wasn't a big deal to a billionaire like him. If it really didn't work out, he could just set the special training skill as a natural talent. He had a lot of talent shortages.

Da Fei suddenly remembered something. "What do you mean by the best soldiers?" It was easy to pick the best soldiers to train as special forces, but the soldiers all had the same attributes?

Deirdre smiled. "The soldiers who killed the most, or the soldiers who survived the longest with their masters."

It was true! When players had time, every time they clicked on a soldier's attributes, there would be a record of the number of enemies they killed. But it really didn't mean much, especially since low-level soldiers were cannon fodder, while long-range soldiers were the targets of heavy firepower. How many soldiers could survive until the end? It seemed like this special forces training was really quite troublesome. All in all, they just needed to train the babies now, there was no rush to train the special forces.

It's getting late. A new day is starting. I need to start.

Where was the situation? He needed to see the outside of the boundary of the World Tree! Last night, when he talked about the influence of the boundary, Da Fei suddenly thought of what it would be like outside the boundary. As the saying goes, if you don't know the truth, you can only find yourself in this mountain. If even someone as powerful as him couldn't open the boundary, wouldn't other players die of urine? He should think of something else. He should go outside.

Just then, Deirdre spoke again. "Master, please take these two soldiers with you."

Dafei exclaimed, "Child!"

Deirdre shook her head and sighed. "The flowers in the greenhouse can't survive the wind and rain. I didn't get to where I am today just by staying in the palace. The hell world is cruel and ruthless. Tens of thousands of demonic babies are born every day, but in the end, only a few dozen people can become ordinary soldiers, and only a rare few demonic babies can break through the restrictions and become elites. Master, take them with you. Just leave them with me when you rest."

Da Fei didn't know whether to laugh or cry. This was 350 plus 500 gold coins for a baby. It wasn't like those Infant Demons in the Blood Pool of Hell which could earn tens of thousands with just one tube. If one of them died, he'd suffer a huge loss! However, she had a point. How could ordinary soldiers become elites or even Bosses? Even Markal was conflicted. She must have used her own growth experience to train soldiers, right?

Fine. He was in the business world, so he should do something big and powerful. Then, he'd take him with him. If flying soldiers who knew Stealth couldn't save him on the battlefield, he wouldn't need to waste money and time on special forces. He could just find some kids to raise and use as a Level 7 soldier.

Wait! Speaking of Markal, could the unknown undead he created, which was of a higher level than wraiths, be considered a special forces soldier? Markal once said in the diary that lifeforms had a lot of limitations, and there was very little room for growth. Only undead could grow without limits. His idea was to study the special forces, right?

Oh no! Teacher Ma, teach me! I'm your cheap student!

C

"Yes."