Chapter 89: Sneaking Behind The Enemy

After the strategy was finalized, the two demonesses used the time to eat and rest. Katerina returned to the driver's seat and began to fly SV Fly toward the target location.

Da Fei learned Phantom Pursuit when he reached Level 26. Then, he assembled the Phantom Ballista in the gun cabin for pre-battle preparations.

This time, the task force was mainly responsible for infiltration and destruction, with the help of the battleship's Coastal Cannons. The NPCs had helped out as much as they could. As the commander-in-chief, it was up to the players to decide how to fight and how to use the cannons. This time, it was time for him to show off his power.

After the Phantom Ballista was assembled, the legendary Phantom Ballista finally appeared! This was an eye-catching, magical ballista. Those who didn't know might think it was a limited-edition version made by some rich guy. Those who did know would know it was indeed a limited-edition version made by rich people, but not for show.

Other than the materials, there was no difference between the components of the Phantom Ballista and ordinary Ballistas. In other words, physical damage was the same as ordinary Ballistas. The only difference was the crossbow.

Da Fei took out an arrow from the machine bag.

— Phantom Ballista's Special Crossbow: Master-level Frostbolt Mana Skill, which enchanted 30 points of mana.

Now that the destructive spell had appeared, he could briefly explain the damage spell.

Destruction spells, as the name suggested, were spells like fireballs, lightning, ice prism pillars, meteor showers, and lightning. They could only be learned by learning destruction spells, which were divided into single-target attack spells and group attack spells.

If the hero's attributes and skills could affect the whole army, then the hero's attack skills could also affect the whole enemy army. So, single-target attack spells didn't hit a single soldier, they hit a tactical space, which was equivalent to hitting an entire army! For example, spearmen had 10 HP, and without any magic resistance, one Lightning Damage of 100 points killed 10 spearmen.

The players were unhappy. "We need a watermelon. I worked so hard to save 10 soldiers, and he killed them all with one shot!"

Don't worry. Since the magic attack was on the whole army, the damage would be shared by the whole army. If a player brought 11 pikemen and encountered a 100 points damage lightning bolt, not only would one soldier die, but 11 09 points of HP would be left. That is, 100 points of damage would be shared among 11 soldiers, and each soldier would take 91 points of damage. If there were wounded soldiers with less than 9 HP in the army, that soldier would be the sacrifice.

In short, he needed to lead more troops when he met a mage. One would be happy while the other would be at ease. In the early stages of the game, it was impossible for players to be solo heroes. Without a sandbag to share the damage, they could kill the hero in one shot.

If he was going to use Blast Position, there was a problem. For example, if a player had 10 pikemen and hid nine of them in a room that would never be hit by magic, and one pikeman showed up and was seen by a mage, what would happen if the 100 points of damage from Lightning were used? The answer was, if the pikeman was killed, the other 9 pikemen would be fine, but the mage's mana consumption of using Lightning was only 1 / 10. In other words, if one spell could kill 100 soldiers, but 99 of them were hidden, then the mage's mana consumption would only be 1 / 100. It would be a waste not to kill them.

The power of magic increased with the Hero's mana, as well as the increase in the level of the magic skills. Take the Frost Spire as an example, the damage calculation formulas for each skill were as follows:

Elementary Destruction Magic: 60 + 12x, consumes 8 mana.

Intermediate Destruction Magic: 72 + 12x mana, 9 mana points consumed.

Advanced Destruction Magic: 84 + 12x mana. Costs 10 mana.

Expert Disruption: 96 + 12x mana. Cost: 11 mana.

Master's Destruction Magic: 108 + 12x, consumes 12 mana.

In other words, the Master-Level crossbow in Da Fei's hand, which had 30 points of mana, had 468 points of mana. Including the common resistance to fire and cold in the Infernal Race, the actual damage could be close to 1000!

Of course, since it was basic damage from enchantment, 468 points of damage wasn't a big deal. There were also sub-skills, Master of Ice, Master of Fire, Master of Storm, and other skills, etc. In short, after the magic hero solved the mana-sustaining problem, its power was undeniable. At that time, the war would be a rich war where a fireball killed a whole army of cannon fodder. As for group attacks, they were spells that attacked many tactical spaces. The most famous was Chain Lightning. It wasn't very powerful, but it could hit everyone.

Looking at the ballistae, Da Fei was shocked. How many soldiers would be killed with one shot? Of course, it wasn't rare to kill soldiers. The key was that the ballistae had a longer range than any Mages! A super vision attack! When would he be able to develop the Phantom Ballista? By then, there would be 32 Phantom Ballistas in his luxury battleship. He could blast them with a row of spells, wahahaha!

A sailor came to report, "Captain, we're here!"

Da Fei took a deep breath and put all the special crossbows in his bag into the ammunition box. Then, he patted the sailor's shoulder. "Do your best!"

"Yes, Captain!"

SV Fly got close to the boundary and stopped behind a forest of tree roots, hiding its giant body. Then, SV Fly put down the landing craft. Da Fei and a mariner quietly rowed the boat forward. At this moment, the two Succubus Emperors were quietly floating above the boat.

Seeing the golden barrier, the boat stopped moving. Da Fei used Stealth and Phantom Pursuit. With the addition of the dual skills, Da Fei's body became as blurry as a shadow. The little demoness didn't even have a shadow. Da Fei almost couldn't see them anymore.

Great! This was the effect he wanted. Da Fei was going to be the commander-in-chief this time to give them more God-level skills. If the operation failed, Da Fei was prepared to sacrifice himself. But he had to attract the enemy's attention and buy time for the two harpies to escape.

For the captain, if he died in battle, he would revive and return to the captain's cabin. If all the navy members on the ship died, he would have to return to the city.

Da Fei quietly got into the water from the small boat and carefully swam toward the boundary. The Lake of Light's water may be terrifying for demons, but for good people like Da Fei, it was fine.

All of the actions were to get close to the target without the knowledge of ghosts and gods. In order to not let the Devil's Detection Spell find out, Serbia didn't even add Magic Blessing.

When he reached the shore and was not discovered, Da Fei still didn't dare to go ashore. He stayed in the water, not daring to move.

Da Fei started to command the two little demonesses to fly out of the barrier and observe quietly in the air. When soldiers were led by heroes, it was like soldiers sharing vision with heroes.

Two teams of horsehounds, composed of nightmare beasts and hellhounds, appeared. Hellhounds! Da Fei immediately took a deep breath and dove into the water. Yes, hellhounds had very sensitive noses. Only by hiding in the water could he avoid being discovered. This was why Da Fei stayed in the water.

The two groups of patrollers passed each other. If he didn't leave now, when?! Like a toad out of water, Da Fei crawled out of the boundary, ignoring the struggling Level 0 Demonic Neonate workers. If his God-level skills and Stealth Move were discovered by these weaklings, it'd be unreasonable.

Finally, he followed the pre-battle route and crawled to a puddle left by what looked like a siege vehicle. Oh yeah! Success! The hellhound wouldn't notice him in the puddle.

Now was the time to show off his control skills.

Da Fei directed the two demonesses to fly closer to the observation window of a nearby newly completed Magic Tower, showing half of their transparent faces. To be precise, this kind of tower was called the Magic Watch Tower. It couldn't be compared to the Magic Towers studied by real Gurus. Of course, the cost of construction couldn't be compared either, or there wouldn't be so many of them.

There were all sorts of masked Mages and potions in the watchtower room. Some were casting spells, some were moving materials, some were lecturing ghosts, and some were flipping books. There were actually a lot of people, but they didn't look like experienced people. They were probably apprentice Mages. It seemed that Deirdre had guessed correctly.

The room was indeed filled with all sorts of lights and equipment, as well as bottles with all kinds of weird liquids. They were really precise, making people want to destroy them. It was just hard to do anything.

Then, he'd send the Succubus Emperor to the first floor of the Magic Tower to take a look. The first floor seemed to be a warehouse for supplies, with all sorts of ghosts and demons busily carrying boxes upstairs. Seeing these ghosts carrying boxes, Da Fei sighed. They were obviously asking him to help them!

Da Fei immediately directed the Little Succubus Emperor to fly toward the box at the front of the stairs. He stepped on it lightly! The box tilted!

The kid screamed, "Wow!"

Clang! The box flew out of his hand and rolled down the stairs, crashing into the box behind him. Screams and clangs sounded like dominoes were flipped over. All the cartons in the stairwell were finished. The commotion from the impact alarmed the mages on the upper floors.

— "You idiots! This is valuable material!"

The Mages went downstairs, then turned around—now was the time to sneak in!

Da Fei immediately directed the Succubus Emperor to fly into the room and hide by a shelf filled with instruments and bottles. Great, no one noticed. He'd start with this shelf.

The demoness secretly flew to the top of the shelf, then—push! Kacha—the shelf shook slightly. OMG! It couldn't be pushed!

Da Fei immediately directed another Succubus Emperor to fly to the window upstairs. The room was still in chaos. Great, keep going in! The two of them would work together!

Crack -- crack -- crack --

The sound of the shelves falling alarmed the sorcerer in the room. He turned to see the shelves falling toward him. "Ah!"

Clang!!! Bang!! The shelves fell to the ground, the bottles exploded, the shelves fell to the ground, creating dust and smoke, filling the room with smoke!

This was a good opportunity. Retreat!

"Idiot! What happened?" The sorcerer downstairs cursed again.

At this moment, the magic circle in the room flickered. The crystal ball surrounded by the magic light outside the watchtower flickered a few times and went out!

Oh yeah! Success! Now was the time for his battleship to be deployed! As long as the battleship was in place before the tower recovered, he could make a breakthrough.

(Requesting all sorts of votes! Although I don't know what the moon is, I'd like to ask all of you. May everyone be happy during the Mid-Autumn Festival!)

Please read the app.