Chapter 85: The Demon Camp Outside The Barrier

When Da Fei came out of the camp, Serbia was already patrolling the cabin to comfort the soldiers. This was an angel! So, the ship doctor had to be a woman, or it'd lower morale.

Seeing Da Fei appear, Serbia greeted him. "Captain, I'm recovered. I'll work hard today."

Da Fei patted her shoulder and chuckled. "OK, let's work hard together! Today, our goal is to explore the boundary of the boundary. Right, you leveled up yesterday. What skills do you want to learn?"

Serbia said excitedly, "I want to learn meditation. This way, my mana can recover faster and I can fight less."

Sigh, I was so busy. If I knew this would happen, I would have brought a bunch of Spell Skill Books with me. Da Fei sighed. "Let's learn Leadership first. You have a high basic Command Power, so learning Leadership is the best option." The key was to increase morale with Leadership Skill, so as to prevent the Banshee Swap from lowering the morale of the troops. In the game, the Light and Dark Faction troops would lower the morale of the troops after mixing together. The more mixed, the worse it would be.

Serbia nodded. "OK, we'll listen to the captain."

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, used up a skill point and learned Elementary Leadership.

There was also a Free Attribute Point, which didn't need to be mentioned. He could add knowledge.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbian Knowledge + 1, Magic Power + 10.

Serbia was overjoyed. "I became stronger again. I can't wait to fight!"

As a nun, she was so violent and unreserved. She really made him like her! Wahahaha. Da Fei stroked her head and said, "Don't worry. We have to plan this carefully today."

"OK, Captain!"

What a good girl! It felt so good to have all of her subordinates under her. As for her boss being a woman, it felt awful.

Da Fei walked out of the cabin alone and stood on the deck. The map was still covered in red clouds. The beetles were still gingerly eating tree sap on the tree branches, not affected by the destruction of a single hive. A dense sea of trees blocked the vision of the God-level Reconnaissance Skill. It was time for the Blood Flute Eagle to make its move. Speaking of which, this Blood Eagle was a unique skill among the elves, right? Didn't the God-level Reconnaissance Skill have this sub-skill? He was a little reluctant to give the treasure back. But it didn't matter. Hopefully, the new Little Succubus Emperor he groomed could replace it.

Da Fei opened the map of the Luminous Pool and chose the nearest lake to release the Blood Eagle.

As a spirit body, the Blood Eagle ignored obstacles as it flew. It could see terrifying swarms of bugs, as well as the bugs' nests everywhere. There were indeed a lot of them. It was impossible to flatten all of them with force. This further confirmed that the key to breaking the trap was outside the barrier. As the system had said, the barrier was a way for the World Tree to protect itself from more powerful enemies. Stronger enemies would definitely be outside the barrier as backup.

The Blood Eagle flew all the way through the sea of trees. A giant curtain of light with a metallic luster appeared in front of him. This must be the barrier.

Go through! Da Fei clenched his fists in excitement.

The scene changed. A fiery world came toward him, and the sound of metal striking the ground could be heard. Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. It was lava, the most common type of topography in hell! The sound of metal striking metal came from the endless demon workshops along the coastline, as well as the magic tower emitting white light.

Countless level-0 demon soldiers and demonic infants hopped as they pushed mining carts in and out of the workshops. On the top floor of every tower, hundreds of flower demons were trapped in some kind of large magic formation.

Da Fei became excited. Flower Goblin! He found it!

At this moment, the flower demons were struggling and crying in pain in the nexus. The light from their bodies was absorbed by the nexus, causing more flower demons to fall. At the edge of the nexus, there were hundreds of barrels emitting white light. All the fallen flower demons were dragged into the barrels by the supervisors. Meanwhile, more demonic infants carried buckets filled with light to replace the old barrels that had lost their light.

As an expert, he understood the situation. The demons were absorbing the flower demon's energy for their own use! The white liquid must be the juice of the World Tree collected by the beetles. They could restore the demoness' life force, and the recovered flower demon would be squeezed dry by the demons.

There had to be only one goal for the demons. Break the barrier and destroy the World Tree. Maybe the light energy of the World Tree was something the demons were afraid of. If the nest was killed, the flesh of the nest would fall in a pool of acid. So the demons probably thought of a way to exploit the flower demon and destroy the barrier with the same power? In short, this was probably the case.

This was the key to getting out of this situation. It was to save the flower demon and destroy the tower. It would depend on their defense.

At this moment, there was a group of Level 6 soldiers, the Lords of the Abyss, guarding the tower. A group of Level 3 soldiers, hellhounds, and Level 5 soldiers, hellhorses, were patrolling. Wait, hellhorses were riding people? What the heck, was this right? Hellhorses were known as the Nightmare Beasts, the archenemies of unicorns. As a proud and violent Level 5 soldier of the Hell race, he could ride them? This was an army of the Hell race he had never seen on official records!

If a human warrior became a level 6 soldier knight on an ordinary warhorse, then what level would a Hell Warrior become on a level 5 soldier? If this warrior could tame a Hades Horse, how powerful was he? Even a level 7 soldier demon wouldn't be his match, right? How could he attack?

This was the difficulty of the epic quest!

Pfft! You're nothing in front of my Cannon Array! If my ship got close to the shore, even a boss would be killed by a volley of cannons, not to mention these soldiers who aren't bosses!

The key problem was this tower. It was obvious that this was a magic tower, or rather, a magic cannon. Its shooting range was definitely higher than the ballista's. While the magic cannon's attack would be weakened by the barrier, my ship could still handle it!

At this moment, Da Fei's vision went dark.

— System Message: The Blood Pipe Eagle has used up all of its energy. It can no longer be used today.

Ah! How could there be a black screen at a critical moment? There were so many flower demons waiting for him to save. He needed to figure out a solution and find a suitable place to kill them!

At this moment, Da Fei could only look helplessly at the two demonesses. How should he put it? As a commander-in-chief, he should have the awareness of a commander-in-chief, or rather, callousness. As a soldier, even if he was a female soldier, a baby soldier should have the awareness of being a soldier.

Da Fei shook his head and pointed at the map. "Go. Make sure you come back alive with the information."

The two demonesses disappeared, becoming more transparent. Then, they flapped their wings and silently flew into the sky. Soon, they disappeared. Soon, the two green dots on the map disappeared among the red clouds. Da Fei's heart was in turmoil.

Recommend an app that was comparable to the old version of the novel chasing machine.

While Dafei was worried about the safety of the two soldiers, Dragon Slaying Network Entertainment's president, Ma Yinglong, was worried too. He shouldered the righteousness of the people, the pride of the people, the confidence of the people, the future of the people, uh, the future of the guild.

It was getting closer to the start of the war. The number one player in Hell of the Dragon Slayer Guild, Lei Huolong, seemed to be laughing and playing with ordinary players from Hell. "Let's go, let's go. I'll take you to see the blonde foreign girl, win glory for our country, and appear on TV." He was worried too.

The biggest advantage of the China server was the number of players. If the war was kept a secret, it would be possible to gather as many ordinary players as possible, or even with the help of a small studio team. This would be the key to victory in the war. And if it was kept a secret, it would be hard to gather people.

The Infernals in the China server weren't great either. Compared to the other races, there were very few players, and even fewer studios. Unlike human elves who could do seafaring and trade, the Infernals just fought and killed all day. The sky was red, the blood was red, and the world inside the player's helmet was red. The player's eyes couldn't stand it after playing for too long. Also, they were in the same evil camp. Look at how popular the Undead were. The Death Knight Hero was so cool! Look at the Necromancer Hero, so cool! Female Vampire was so beautiful! White as the clouds!

It seemed that pre-battle sniping was hard to do outside the country. He had to conserve his strength. Once the war broke out, he could get the foreign districts to attack the Pool of Light first. Then, the Dragon Slayer Guild would mobilize all the players in the country and kill the foreign players from behind! It would be great if he could fight the so-called superheroes of the elves from both sides. It would be great if the Japanese district and the superheroes killed each other.

So, the last key question was, what exactly was a superhero of the elves? He'd have to wait until the war.

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.