Chapter 88: The Enchantress Who Grew Up Again

Katerina turned and smiled sweetly at Da Fei. "Captain, give me 500 gold coins!"

Da Fei said in shock, "You're not really going to train me, are you?" Hey, hey, I'm very busy right now. I have to fight soon. I don't have time for this. However, Da Fei couldn't bring himself to say this in front of his darling's sweet smile. Well, it's just a few Magic Towers. I have so many ways to deal with them. There's no rush.

Da Fei chuckled and handed over 500 gold coins.

Katerina smiled. "It's easy to learn bad things, but hard to learn good things. These kids are all bad girls. You have to pick them up from a young age, and learning to be a pirate is exactly what they like!" She waved the two gold coins in front of the girls. "Do you want them?"

The two demonesses' eyes lit up.

Dierdre said, "Listen to this sister. It's good to listen."

The two demonesses nodded.

Katerina smiled. "If you want it, come and get it! Don't let the gold fall to the ground! Otherwise, if the God of the Earth takes the gold, you'd have nothing." Then, she deliberately let out a gold coin.

The two demonesses were quick-witted enough to catch him.

Da Fei was overjoyed. He had a chance!

Katerina laughed. "Oh, there's more!" Two more gold coins slipped out of her fingers. The demoness grabbed them again.

Katerina laughed. "Is your * * * just two gold coins? Come on, there's more."

Katerina's gold coins started to spill faster. Her hands, which were holding the coins, kept moving too. The two demonesses looked up and kept scratching like puppies waiting for their owners to feed them.

Da Fei was stunned! Was she training pirates? She couldn't really be a pirate, right? Da Fei glanced at Dierdri, who was next to him. She looked serious and nervous. A drop of sweat dripped from her forehead, down to her neck, to her cleavage, to the plains… For a moment, Da Fei was stunned! Um, business was more important!

Da Fei coughed and asked softly, "Baby, what do you think?"

Deirdre said seriously, "If the two of them could receive all the gold coins before they ran out of energy, they'd have succeeded in their Promotion, or they'd have failed!"

Dafei exclaimed, "So this works too!"

Deirdre nodded. "As a larva, there are endless possibilities for it to grow. The Banshee species, in particular, are born with high intelligence, so they have a higher chance of learning various skills than ordinary demons. And what Lady Katarina said made sense. Banshees are born to be spies, so their compatibility with stealing skills is quite high. This is why they became scouts. After they became scouts, their abilities improved, which helped build a foundation for their training. They also had a successful battle experience. In short, as long as they advanced successfully, Master would have more confidence in this operation!"

Da Fei was enlightened! So this was the case! Banshee was smart, he'd seen it from you!

Now, Da Fei looked nervously at the two kids, who were obviously slowing down. Hey, hey! Hang in there!

Katerina chuckled. "Are you done? If you win, you'll benefit greatly!"

Deirdre shouted angrily, "Cheer up! If you fail, you're not allowed to eat! Just wait to die on the battlefield with your empty stomachs!"

Da Fei was shocked. Hey hey hey! Don't be so mean to the kid, okay? This is my 350 + 500 + 250 = 1100 gold coins!

Under the threat of losing the temptation of victory, the two demonesses shivered. Their eyes glowed with the red light commonly seen in demon eyes, and they became agile again.

Deirdre shouted, "Yes! This is how it should be!"

"Go!" Da Fei clenched his fists nervously.

Finally, Katerina chuckled. "It's the last three. Catch!"

With a crisp ring, Katrina tossed out three gold coins in each hand. Six gold coins flew into the air. This was the last moment. Da Fei's egg curled into a ball, Katerina's smile froze, and Deirdre bit her lips!

The gold coin went up, up, to the highest point! At this moment, the two demonesses suddenly flapped their wings and flew up. When the gold coin almost stopped moving, they caught up. One in the left hand, one in the right hand, and one in the mouth!

In an instant, two beams of white light descended from the sky and enveloped the two demonesses!

"Oh yeah!" Katerina's excited screams echoed in the palace!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your Succubus Emperor army received an attribute upgrade and a new skill!

"Oh yeah!!!" After struggling for a while, Da Fei also jumped up excitedly.

Deirdre looked at Da Fei and leaned against him. Her eyes were glistening with tears as she sobbed. "The kids are growing again. They learned so many skills at such a young age. It's hard to imagine how powerful they'll be when they grow up."

Da Fei chuckled and put his arm around her shoulders. "This is the fruit of our love!" Hey, hey, why are you so loving now? Are they really starving to death?

Serbia said coldly, "I think they should wear clothes."

She pretended not to hear him.

When the white light dissipated, the two demonesses landed on the ground. They seemed to have grown a little bigger. Yes, there were bumps on their chests!

Da Fei excitedly said, "Come, come, my sweetheart, come and let the owner check your attributes!"

— Succubus Emperor underage: Attack: 2, Defense: 0, Damage: 2-3, Health: 5, Attack Speed: 8, Special Skills: Flying Creature, Advanced Reconnaissance Skill, Stealth, Independent Move, Agility Evasion, War Plunder, Long-range Shooting.

There were so many special skills! Da Fei's Krypton gold dog eyes went blind on the spot! And this attribute was at the level of a Level 1 Skeleton Soldier! What did this mean? This was equivalent to a child fighting an adult regular army. What would happen when he grew up? When he learned the Changing Technique of the Banshee, Chain Shot, it would be a scam! A tragedy in society!!

Katerina laughed. "You didn't turn into a pirate, but you learned how to dodge and fight. What a good kid!"

Deirdre nodded. "Not bad. You learned the long-range shooting skills of the harpies. This operation would be easier."

Da Fei laughed even harder. "OK! OK! Everyone, have a good rest. Then, we'll start moving!"

(Note: Clever Dodge: Soldiers have a 20% chance of dodging physical attacks. The effect can be stacked with the sub-skill Clever Dodge Arrows.)

War Plunder: Soldiers with this skill will have a space bag, which allows them to obtain equipment from fallen enemies or destroyed buildings, or a certain amount of gold coins or resources, with no more than 10 units of resources.

Ask for all sorts of votes!

Please read the app.