Chapter 86: Hell Camp Strategy Guide

Time ticked by. One minute felt like an hour. Da Fei waited with hesitation. Finally, two fast-moving green dots appeared on the map!

Da Fei jumped up excitedly. I'm back! My sweetheart is back safely! Haha, wahahaha! It's good that she's back, it's good that she's back!

On the small map, the green dots were getting closer. They were now within Da Fei's vision with the God-level Reconnaissance Skill. Even so, Da Fei still didn't see them. That's right, other than the lighting and the terrain, there was also speed. In principle, after Stealth Move, one should move slowly, not appearing too out of place with their surroundings. Another limitation was high-speed movement, such as the Invisible Fighter. If it flew too fast, the radar's reflection wouldn't be easily transmitted back, making it hard to notice. The Banshee was now a perfect example of high-speed Stealth Move.

Finally, they were back! Two figures as transparent as shadows landed on the deck.

Da Fei was shocked. When they left, he was preoccupied and didn't look too closely. He thought it was because of the poor lighting underground. Now, it seemed like their Stealth Move was too powerful. Although Stealth Move made the user look blurry, at this level of transparency, even his God-level Reconnaissance Skill might not be able to do it! Could it be that the Banshee was an illusion, so its Stealth Move was much more effective than normal physical creatures? What the heck, this was a ghost, okay?

— System Message: Your Succubus Emperor troops have provided you with information on the destination!

— System Message: Your Succubus Emperor troops have provided you with information on the destination!

Da Fei returned to his senses and laughed. He took out some pastries and drinks and praised them. "Good job. No wonder you're a future Level 7 soldier. You didn't fail your first battle! Go back to the camp and rest."

The two demonesses happily took the pastries and ran back to the cabin.

Da Fei sighed. Normal soldiers were just soldiers. Other than food, food, and words, movements, and expressions, they weren't even ordinary NPCs. The game couldn't spend too much on suicidal soldiers.

Now, Da Fei began to look at the map. The Advanced Reconnaissance Skill had the ability to draw maps. The so-called map was actually a picture of the destination. The two harpies were totally reconnaissance aircraft in the sky. They completed Da Fei's scouting mission in the designated area.

Seeing the groups clearly showing the deployment of troops and the layout of the buildings, Da Fei was overjoyed. He was shocked! Were there soldiers everywhere on the coast? Why were the Magic Towers so close? Were they trying to prevent Normandy from landing? Were they attacking?

What the heck! How would other players who received Epic Missions fight? Do they have firepower like me? Do they have my amazing Reconnaissance Skill? Is the boundary not the key? Impossible. The Flower Goblin was captured. There was no reason not to save it.

Da Fei could only subconsciously return to the cabin camp to ask Deirdre. She was a demon, after all. She must know a lot. No, no, no, call everyone here for a meeting. If even a Boss instructor like Deirdre knew so much, there was no need to mention Katarina and Serbia as Epic Heroes. Epic Heroes might not have powerful strengths, but their value lay in their Epic. They had backgrounds and knowledge in the game, unlike the Heroes that were created by the system in the bar. Those Heroes also had top-notch strengths, and although they were smart, they didn't have a past, nor did they have hidden knowledge in the game.

Now, Da Fei led Katerina and Serbia into the camp.

As soon as he entered the room, Katerina couldn't help but exclaim at the lavishness of the palace, "Wow! I didn't know our ship was so luxurious. I really want to sleep here!"

Sigh, but that's impossible! Only instructors and soldiers could stay in the barracks. It's not a place for you to sleep. Da Fei chuckled. "When we win this battle, our ship can be revived. We'll have all kinds of luxury!"

Deirdre greeted them with a smile. "Welcome, Master. Welcome, my lords! Congratulations to Master's soldiers for completing their first mission!"

Da Fei chuckled and said, "Come, come, come, everyone, sit. There's a big problem with this battle. Let's analyze the situation together!"

Everyone gathered around the table to look at the map, frowning.

Deirdre spoke first. "Master, the enemy's defense isn't as strong as it looks. Many of the workplaces were recently built! Especially these magic towers!"

A breakthrough! Da Fei was overjoyed. "What do you mean?"

Deirdre showed the pictures. "Master, you can see the differences between the towers in these pictures and the ones in this photo. This is an old tower. The bricks are all very dark, and there's plenty of magic energy. This tower can't be approached. The towers in these pictures haven't even solidified the lava rocks used in the buildings. There are also obvious traces of construction machinery under the foundation. In my opinion, these towers won't be completed for more than two days. They don't have much energy. If you want to attack, you can start with them!"

"Wow!" Katerina and Serbia exclaimed.

Dafei wasn't overjoyed. "Then?"

Deirdre pointed at a drag on the ground. "The depth and width of this drag is extraordinary. This must be a special construction vehicle from the Infernal Race. The machine is huge and very expensive, but it can complete incredible projects in just a few days. It only appears in emergencies. Clearly, the construction was completed recently."

Da Fei was shocked. "I see!" There were so many tricks to a game setting, and it could reveal so much information. The Reconnaissance Skill wasn't just for fun. As an expert, I learned another skill. But my darling, how do you know so much?

Dierdri pointed at the other confused Hades Horseman in the photo. "These are the elites of the Demon King's Palace, the Hell Barons. Their fighting power is beyond imagination. Every one of them has the power to challenge several Great Demons. They usually guard the Demon King's Palace and only appear in other places during emergencies. With them around, the owner must not attack from the shore, or our troops will be annihilated instantly! We have to keep a distance from them. Their Raging Flame Lances have powerful long-range attacks!"

— System Message: You have information on the level 8 unit Hellboy.

Da Fei was shocked! A Level 8 Soldier had appeared! This Epic Mission was too epic. What did a Level 8 Soldier mean?

Da Fei asked in shock, "What special skills do they have? Is their shooting range as far as the ballista?"

Deirdre shook her head. "Very few people saw them fight, because there was almost no need for them to do anything, but their Flaming Lances could crush the Titans."

Now, everything was clear. The difficulty of this epic quest had increased, and it was no longer the epic quest he'd accepted at the start. Maybe this sudden Abyssal Blood Pool quest was the reason for the increase in difficulty. If that was the case, this quest really wasn't something ordinary players could take down.

Am I a regular player? No, I'm a God-level player with the Phantom Ballista! Now, it's time to let my Phantom Ballista come out for some fresh air. Coach Markal, it's great to see you!

Da Fei pointed at the map. "Great. Let's start with this new project!"

At this moment, Katerina spoke too. "Captain, I have an idea too."

Da Fei was overjoyed again! My baby, as an Epic Hero, you should finally contribute your knowledge! That's right, if the other party didn't know so much, how could you take it?

Da Fei said happily, "Let's hear it!"

Katerina chuckled. "Captain, do you remember what you asked about on the island?"

Da Fei was stunned, then he exclaimed, "I remember! I remember!" Oh my god, what do I remember! I almost forgot everything!

Katerina smiled and said, "Then, the captain must learn the sub-skill Phantom March first!"

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.