Chapter 80: Conflicted Flower Goblin And Banshee

— Flower Goblin: Attack: 0, Defense: 0, Damage: 1-2, Health: 2, Attack Speed: 13, Command Value: 0, Special Skill: Gardener, Flying Creature, Bees Disturbance, Pollen Swing, Ancient Trees, Unable to Go on a Battle.

Flower Goblin, also known as Flower Fairy, was a type of female-shaped creature with two pairs of dragonfly wings on its back. When it flew, lights would fly everywhere, making it a beautiful fairy-tale creature. It was a level 0 fairy-tale army, the strongest level 0 army in the game, and the most powerful level 0 army in the game! It had so many special skills that it blinded players!

If it wasn't for the fact that level 0 units could only be built in the city and couldn't be deployed, in the hands of experts, the Flower Goblin's combat power would be higher than many level 2 or 3 units from other races! Why? Of course, she was the only low-level unit who knew how to attack the spell, "Wasp Disturbance"! The Wasp Disturbance didn't deal much damage, and its biggest feature was Blind. While the Blind effect wasn't high, with the Flower Goblin's large number, her enemies would be in trouble.

Since level 0 soldiers fought to defend the city, the Flower Goblin's biggest role in defending the city was its special skill, "Ancient Tree Mover," which could constantly heal level 6 Elven soldiers, the Tree Spirit. The Tree Spirit and the Undead black knight were both known as level 7 soldiers. The Tree Spirit was known for its blood defense, while the Black Knight was known for its killing power. The Tree Spirit had an even more terrifying special skill, Root Entanglement. Any enemy hit by the Tree Spirit would be entangled by the tree roots and unable to move. This special skill couldn't be dispelled by any magic. Then, the enemy entangled by the tree spirit could only fight the tree spirit, whose defense was high and whose skin was thick. If the Flower Demon kept healing the tree spirit, how could they fight?

So, although the elven race wasn't a defensive race with high defense and high HP, the elven city was definitely the hardest to attack. The tree spirit and the flower demon made a great team. The tree spirit, on the other hand, was slow and not suitable for the elven race's fighting style. It usually stayed to defend the city. So, whenever someone ambushed the elven city, they'd always see the perfect partner. The elven city was the hardest to steal.

It was worth mentioning that the elven race produced very few types of soldiers, except for the flower demons and tree spirits. The elven race was the best at planting flowers and trees, which made attacking the city even harder.

In short, the elves were very powerful, very powerful. His first 5-level soldiers were actually one level higher than the human soldiers of the same level. The only thing stopping him from conquering the world was their numbers.

• • •

Now, Da Fei carefully observed the dilapidated Flower Demon camp through the telescope. He was sure this camp couldn't be used anymore. So, the Pool of Light used to be the home of the Flower Demons, and this tumor's so-called invasion was attacking the Flower Demon camp?

Then, why did the mission create such an unusable army camp after he destroyed the mountain of meat? Repair the army camp? This was a good idea. The players would repair the army camp and create a large army of Flower Goblins that didn't need any leadership or recruitment fees. Then, the army of Flower Goblins would deal with the beetles. This would solve the problem.

That's right! This was the real solution to the quest! Otherwise, how could the Players clear away these overwhelming beetles?

The problem was, how could he fix it? Da Fei was deep in thought again.

As he thought, an image of a group of naked Flower Fairies with only leaves covering their critical parts appeared in Da Fei's mind. They were on the pond, among the tree roots, sprinkling beautiful light debris, chasing after the harmonious hip-hop scene. Where did all the Flower Fairies go? Were all the demonic bugs killed by the demonic bugs? Or did some survivors hide? Yes, there had to be survivors! How could the players fix the camp?

Da Fei took out the Blood Eagle's Flute and prepared to scout again.

— System Message: You have used the treasure once today. Please use it tomorrow.

Um, he could only use it once a day? What a pain.

What should I do now? What the heck, am I supposed to fly an expensive Magic Sail all over the world to find the surviving Flower Goblins? Or do I use a spare landing boat to search for them? What if I get attacked by a swarm of bees again? The big ship can hide in the cabin, but the small ship will die! Anyway, I've already suffered once. I can't act rashly without a target. I can only wait until tomorrow's treasure is recovered and reconvene.

Then, the question was, what would other players do if they received this Epic Mission? Other players couldn't be as amazing as him, who could destroy a mountain of meat and discover the camp right from the start, right? Other players couldn't have the Blood Eagle's Flute of Godly Reconnaissance Skill everywhere, right? Other players didn't have the power, the power, or the reconnaissance skills, so how could they do this?

Da Fei thought for a while, but he couldn't figure out what to do. What the heck! As an expert, with the Giant Ship Cannon and God-level skills, I can't even compare to other players? This is really sad.

However, he thought of the Banshee instead of the Flower Goblin! Right, he didn't have time to check out the newly-built barracks yet. He had to replenish his forces after seven soldiers died. He was smart. He knew there would be casualties during missions, so he spent a lot of money fixing the barracks to replenish his forces.

Da Fei went to a special room without a door plate. He opened the room, and a space door similar to the entrance to a dungeon appeared in front of him. Wahahaha! This really opened a dungeon for his ship!

There was nothing to say. Enter!

The scene changed. Da Fei appeared in a classical goth style palace. The walls of the palace were decorated with pink muslin curtains. In the middle of the hall was a huge hexagram. A strange sulfur smell filled the palace, making people dizzy! This was the Banshee camp! It was full of * * *! Who made this? The * Teachers? Wahahaha, as expected of the * Teachers. They could build hellish buildings too!

"Hehehehe! Welcome, Master!" Dierdri shook her white breasts, twisted her white belly button and slim waist, and walked with her white thighs and cat steps. She smiled and said, "Master! Is there anything you need?"

Da Fei was so excited that tears streamed down his face! He was finally showing his true form! Finally, he wasn't—no, no! Da Fei shook his head with all his might, trying to get rid of the image of Nanny Rong's voice and smile! However, some things were so helpless. The more he didn't think about it, the more it would pop up! His cultivation level wasn't high enough!

Knowing how powerful she was, Da Fei didn't dare to tease her anymore. He needed to get down to business.

Da Fei chuckled. "I want to recruit Banshee troops!"

As soon as they got down to business, Dierdre's expression became serious. "Currently, there are two spots for summoning soldiers in the camp. The owner has to spend 700 gold coins."

The Banshee was a Level 4 Soldier, but it only cost 350 gold each. As a Level 3 Soldier, the Jungle Scamper cost 410 gold. What a loss! Da Fei sighed inwardly and nodded. "Recruitment."

— System Message: You spent 700 gold coins to start recruiting Banshee Soldiers!

A red light flashed on the hexagram inside the palace, and a red-skinned Banshee with horns and long hooves chuckled. Ah, this was a regular Banshee. Other than her hot figure, she couldn't compare to a boss like Deirdre, who was so close to being a human woman. If they were all like her, who knew how many players would try to squeeze through the gates of Hell? There was no helping it. According to rumors, Banshee's art design was really popular, but the developer in the China server strongly opposed it, using the River Crab skill to dominate the world.

Then, the hexagram continued to glow red. Deirdre, who was casting the spell, frowned.

Dafei felt something was wrong. Why was it so slow?

Finally, Deirdre pushed harder. With a flash of light, the second Banshee arrived! When she appeared, Da Fei and Deirdre were stunned!

She was shorter than a typical Banshee and didn't have breasts!

— minors: Attack: 0, Defense: 0, Damage: 0-1, Health: 1, Attack Speed: 5, Special Skill: Flying Creature.

Dali was stunned for a while, then he exclaimed, "No way! What happened? How could there be an underage Banshee? And it cost me 350 gold!!"

Deirdre was so terrified her face lost color. "Master! I didn't know! It's the first time I've seen an underage Banshee responding to a camp summon!"

What the f*ck! Is he trying to hurt me?

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.