Chapter 87: Counterfeit Stealth Sailing Art

Shumilouco

— Phantom Pursuit: When your army marches in the wilderness, it's hard to be noticed by the enemy. Learning Requirement: God-level Reconnaissance Skill.

Da Fei was pleasantly surprised. "Is Phantom Pursuit one of the skills to create Stealth?"

Katerina nodded. "That's right! The Pirate King, Red Beard, has a unique skill that not only terrifies all caravans in the kingdom, but also all the pirates in other factions. It could be said that every maritime power in the world is trying to figure out his skill, including my father. We have noticed the Pirate King's right-hand man, Archmage O'Neal, the first mate, Kuge, and the Pirate King's battleship, which is washed with shark blood every day, at night, and at night. The Pirate King has a God-level Reconnaissance Skill, which is known to all pirates. We have already come to the conclusion that 'Stealth Sailing' requires the combined efforts of at least three people, plus that special skill used by the overlord of the sea!"

Da Fei clapped his hands and smiled. "You have the same idea as me!" Oh my god, you knew! Good stuff is not in the chest!

Katerina winked. "It was because of Captain's answer that I thought differently of you!"

Da Fei's eyebrows twitched. He was happy. So, my unintentional show of knowledge was the key to making a beauty fly! Wahahaha! That's right. Humans had to constantly show off themselves. Even if it was a trivial matter, as long as you slowly built up a good impression of them, there would be a qualitative change. Sigh, it was a pity that I built up a bad impression and was finally expelled by my boss. Tch! If I was rich, why mention those things? I was even richer than my boss!

Katerina sighed. "Maybe I guessed the conclusion, but the reality is really despairing. According to my father and Uncle Barak's tests, this skill probably required all three of them to know a god-level skill. That is to say, the Pirate King's God-level Reconnaissance Skill, O'Neal's God-level Arcane Skill, Kuge's God-level seafaring skill, and the addition of the Pirate Professional Ship Control Skill. My father hired an archmage to test this skill many times, but the Pirate King found out and mocked him—"

At this point, Katerina's expression darkened. "The pirates all know that the Pirate King kills with a smile. Even if they laugh, they laugh. This is a warning to my father! From now on, no other pirate forces would dare to test the Pirate King's skills publicly. Also, talents with God-level skills are rare in any kingdom. How could they all be among the pirates?"

— System Message: You have received more information on the skill "Stealth Sailing."

Da Fei finally understood. No wonder the pirates were so secretive when he asked around in the bar. But—

Da Fei was surprised. "The problem is, we don't have God-level Arcanists or God-level Nautical Skills?"

Katerina laughed. "But we have the barrier of the World Tree! This barrier will seriously interfere with the enemies' perception of us on the coast. Let's call the arcanist, Madam Anwen, and have her cast a Mist Spell. Then, my master-level seafaring and master-level pirate ship will quietly sail past. The enemies probably won't notice. We'll attack then!"

Dafei said in surprise, "This works too?"

Katerina smiled. "I saw it when my father and Uncle Barak tested it. All kinds of funny things are fun. Even if it's not as invisible as the legendary effect, all kinds of visual disturbances can be useful. It's better than charging forward and being attacked by the enemy's magic tower. Besides, the captain has reached a god-level skill, so the effect is much better!"

Oh yeah! A counterfeit God-level skill! I like it!

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Great! Let's do this. We'll go see Madam Anwen now!"

Wait a minute! The mayor said Anwen wouldn’t do anything during the purification operation! He wasn’t an NPC for a single mission, right? No, this was obviously an upgrade in the difficulty of the mission. It wasn’t as simple as purification anymore, right? Try it. If you can, just do it. If not, just attack.

Da Fei and his friends went toward Anwen's room.

Da Fei adjusted his captain's uniform and coughed. "Ms. Anwen!"

There was no response. After a while, Da Fei had to knock on the door again. He raised his voice and said, "Ms. Anwen, we have a big operation. Please come out and cast a Mist Spell."

There was still no reaction.

Serbia said softly, "Captain, Ms. Anwen is very, very tired. She was actually using spells to prop up her body before the expedition. She's probably in a state of full meditation now and can't hear anything outside."

Da Fei was stunned. The difficulty level had increased, but he didn't increase the price? This wasn't right! He wasn't an NPC for a mission! Ah, my Teacher Ma was the best. He could help me complete another Epic Mission. I'll have to rely on the Phantom Ballista!

Da Fei sighed. "It seems we shouldn't bother you. We have to attack by force. Let's find the best place to attack on the map."

The three of them returned to the camp.

Deirdre chuckled when she heard the situation. "Master, I have another strategy!"

Oh? Another idea? Da Fei said in surprise, "Baby, tell me!"

Deirdre nodded. "I've heard that the Mirage Army under the God-level Reconnaissance Skill is very bizarre. It can make the hero's troops enter a state similar to Stealth, and my two Banshee girls have already learned Stealth. If they used Stealth and were led by Master's Mirage Army, the effect would be unimaginable! So, my strategy is for Master to lead them into the Magic Tower and destroy the core driving the Magic Tower from the inside! As long as the Magic Tower is disrupted, the enemies will be confused, and our naval cannons can help!"

Da Fei was shocked. "Then, do you know how to destroy the inside of the Magic Tower?"

Deirdre laughed. "The inside of the magic tower is very sophisticated, okay? The more sophisticated it is, the more afraid it is of trouble. When people aren't looking, these two kids can go in and do whatever they want. Plus, the enemy has built so many magic towers, how can there be so many Mages? Most of them are just temporary workers, so it's easier to do things!"

Da Fei nodded with tears streaming down his face! Why are you so awesome? Why do you know so much? Why aren't you a hero? Could the Boss' ultimate evolution be becoming a hero? But—

Da Fei asked, "But what if the operation fails?"

Deirdre chuckled. "If it fails, we'll just attack as you planned."

No, I mean, if the operation fails, won't the two kids be done for?

At this moment, Katerina said in surprise, "A Banshee who knows Stealth? The captain's new army? Can I see it?"

Deirdre clapped her hands. "Come out and see the adults!"

Two young demonesses jumped out of the palace!

Katerina exclaimed, "Wow! So adorable!"

Serbia exclaimed, "Why aren't you wearing clothes?"

How was she adorable? How could she be invisible with clothes on? How could she make her uncle check her body?

Katerina clapped her hands and laughed. "Interesting! Should I train too?"

Dafei said in shock, "Training what?"

Katerina smiled. "Training to become a pirate, of course! These kids are born to steal materials!"

Deirdre laughed dryly. "Banshee is a weak demon. It's not suitable for fighting. We can only do things like this."

Da Fei's eyes widened! Right, Katerina was actually an instructor too. Didn't pirates have sub-skill to train pirates?

Pirate Training: Pirates can train maritime fighters.

— Pirate Warrior: Attack: 10, Defense: 2, Damage: 6-10, Health: 35, Attack Speed: 14, Movement Speed: 12, Command Value: 2, Training Cost: 250 Gold Coins, Special Skill: Ship Drive, Flying Axe, Agility Dodge, War Plunder.

Based on this, pirates could be considered special forces? But this was a ship, not a pirate's territory. How could this work?

(Requesting various votes)

C

"Yes."