Chapter 83: I'M A Professional Player Now

Da Fei was overjoyed! What he wanted to do now was cry! What did an account with a God-level skill mean? It meant becoming rich overnight! It meant having a house, a car, money, and beautiful women! What was a car? He wanted a yacht!

Da Fei couldn't tell the value of this account anymore, but he knew that in less than 10 days of professional gaming, he had achieved an unimaginable success! Maybe this was what it felt like to win a lottery prize in countless dreams!

It's been 10 years. I finally succeeded! I finally made it! I finally changed my destiny! Haha, wahahaha!

Tears blurred Da Fei's vision. Looking at the helmet, he saw if there was a world announcement notification. Da Fei laughed out loud! Life is full of joy. If you weren't crazy, you'd be wasted. Hiding and squeezing is never my style. It's time for me to be proud in the world. It's time for experts to evaluate the value of my account. It's time for those fans to charge at me bare-chested. Those students who called me trash, I'll make you angry! Wahahaha!

Announcement!

— System Message: You chose to hide your information. You received experience + 300,000.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to level 26! You have received + 1 Free Attribute, + 1 Skill Point, + 2 Health, + 1 Command Power.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Serbia, has reached Level 21! Health + 2, Command Power + 1, Knowledge + 1. You have received a free attribute point and a free skill point.

— Novice Guide: After your sub-hero leveled up, you can use your Skill Book to upgrade her skills.

Eh? Da Fei's laughter stopped! Did the cat wet its eyes or did its hands shake from laughing?

Da Fei was stunned for a while before coming to his senses. In any case, no matter what happened, he didn't announce his information.

What is this? Extreme joy begets sorrow? Ha! Sorrow my a * s! This is the will of the heavens! The will of the heavens is making me keep a low profile! Fine, since the will of the heavens is like this, I'll be happy to spend the night in luxury.

Yes, he was awesome enough, but there was no need to let others know how awesome he was. Just like how China had atomic bombs, it was fine as long as others knew they had them. There was no need to let others know how many there were. Whether it was 300 or 3000, they could figure it out themselves. This was the trump card of a big country. He was a God-level player now, and he needed to have his own trump card to work in the game.

Right, from today onwards, the game was his career, not his profession. What was his profession? To survive, to eat, he had to work today and tomorrow. What was his career? He didn't need to worry about food or drink anymore. He wanted to work today and tomorrow! He was rich, he had a higher goal!

Da Fei took a deep breath to calm down. He began to welcome his new career as a professional gamer.

First, he needed to check the attributes of the Banshee.

— Female Monster Scout (temporary name: Player can change name): Attack 0, Defense 0, Damage 1-2, Health 3, Attack Speed 5, Special Skill: Flying Creature, Advanced Reconnaissance Skill, Stealth Move, Independent Battle.

Based on attributes, it seemed like the Lolita monster's attributes were combined with the scout's attributes, but this fusion was a qualitative leap! A flying creature that could move stealthily! Wahahaha! What kind of creation is this? This is my masterpiece!

Da Fei asked Deirdre happily, "Baby, what do you think?"

Deirdre was staring at the succubus in a daze. When she heard Da Fei's question, she immediately came to her senses and said, "Master, as an underage soldier, she has so many special skills. Her future is unpredictable. If we compare her, she could grow into a Greater Demon. Greater Demons have three or four special skills in their infancy."

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Great Devil! A Level 7 Soldier!"

— Greater Demon: Greater Demon Creature, Attack: 32, Defense: 32, Health: 211, Attack Speed: 10, Damage: 36-66, Fire Resistance: 90%, Magic Resistance: 60%. Special Skill: Teleportation, Summon the Abyss Overlord, Arrival of Bad Luck, Mind Immunity, Cleave of Flames, Hatred Strike, Light Enemy.

As a top-level soldier of a race, the power of a Greater Demon was nothing to brag about. Teleportation was like flying, but flying had a route, and one could be hit by a long-range arrow. Teleportation didn't work, it just appeared in front of the enemy and was impossible to guard against. The descent of misfortune was that as long as there was a Greater Demon in the formation, the enemy's luck would -1. This was the same as having an angel in the formation, increasing the morale of our army by 1. Wisdom Immunity was also necessary. As a top-level soldier, if he could be hit by a spirit-type spell, he wouldn't be a top-level soldier. As for Flame, Cleave, Hatred, etc., they were all skills necessary for large-sized creatures, such as Army Obliteration. There was nothing to complain about, it wouldn't be a waste of his size. A Greater Demon would have an added damage to light creatures like angels.

The thought of a Banshee becoming a Great Devil excited Da Fei! A Level 7 Weapon! Players at this stage weren't even qualified to own a Level 4 Weapon. The NPCs wouldn't even sell it in the main cities, much less after Level 7. Now, he had a Level 7 Weapon. This was an amazing career!

Deirdre chuckled. "Don't worry, Master. I'll do my best to raise her to adulthood. Maybe she won't be a charging fighting type like the Great Demons, but she can be an assassin and a spy."

Da Fei laughed. "OK, it's up to you now!"

Deirdre smiled. "Master, a new day is starting. We have another witch in the camp!"

The demoness' output was one per day? In terms of output, the Infernal army was indeed better than the Elves. Da Fei's mouth twisted in laughter. "Fix it! Fix it!"

"Yes, Master!"

Looking at how Dierdre struggled to summon her, Da Fei was amazed. After all, this kind of young female monster could only appear in the special mission scenario for the World Tree Barrier. If he missed this chance, there might not be a place like this anymore. He suddenly couldn't bear to leave! These were future Level 7 soldiers! He needed to recruit as many of them as possible. But if he missed this chance, wouldn't his trip to the Abyssal Blood Pool be delayed?

Da Fei laughed in shock. Why was he thinking so much? The Pool of Light wasn't even decided yet. This place was big enough for him to work for a while. Was he afraid of being unhappy with the money he had left?

Now, it was time to name the soldiers. He would name them as the Succubus Emperor.

— System Message: You have named the "Underage Monster Scout" unit the Charm Emperor.

Wahahaha, when you grew up, you'd be the Great Succubus Emperor! You'd outshine the Great Demon in no time.

At this moment, the summoning circle flashed, and the second Banshee broke out of the formation. Da Fei laughed. "Little sweetheart, come, come, let Master inspect your body!"

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.