Chapter 82: God-Grade Reconnaissance Skill

The unexpected information made Da Fei overjoyed.

Training a Banshee, who was already a Level 4 high-level soldier, to become a Level 1 soldier scout was indeed beyond the scope of ordinary "training scouts." That was why there was information about this "Special Forces Training Skill." If this was a God-level skill, then it was very likely to be the key to truly understanding the God-level Reconnaissance Skill!

Come to think of it, how did he learn the Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill? Of course, he could use the "Intelligence Gathering" skill to constantly gather information on the crocodile Boss, whose weakness had been exposed, and then learn the Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill and the "Intelligence Analysis" skill.

If he kept using the "Training Scouts" skill, he'd definitely make a breakthrough!

In order to test his theory, Da Fei immediately brought over a bunch of pastries and drinks from the kitchen. These were all food from the elves given by the officials during the expedition. Eating them not only replenished one's stamina and health, but it could also add various states at the last minute. Players who practiced cooking could do these things.

Da Fei drank two sips of Morning Light Honeydew, instantly replenishing his energy. All the instant replenishing ingredients were high-level ingredients. Then, he took off the Blood Eagle's Flute and tried out the "Training Scouts" under the Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill.

— System Message: Are you going to train "Underage Banshee" into a scout type?

Yes!

With a clanging sound, 500 gold coins flew out. Then, his stamina decreased rapidly, by 50%, by 10%, he became red! His stamina became empty! Failure!

— System Message: Very sorry! Your scout training failed!

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! The system notification was different! This notification didn't mean a failure due to lack of stamina, it meant a failure! There was no more information on the "Special Forces Training Skill"!

Da Fei laughed at the sky. The entire canopy of the palace seemed to dance with his laughter. I got it!

The answer was right in front of him. Only God-level Reconnaissance Skill could train a Banshee Scout. What did it mean if he succeeded? It meant he really needed to learn the God-level Reconnaissance Skill! This Blood Eagle Flute Fruit was indeed an S-level treasure! He didn't waste this trip! Haha! Wahahaha!

Now, Da Fei equipped the Blood Eagle's Flute again. He drank two more mouthfuls of nectar to replenish his energy. Then, he opened another bottle of nectar and grabbed it.

— System Message: Are you going to train "Underage Banshee" into a scout type?

Start! A white light enveloped the Banshee. Its Stamina decreased and became red. Then, Da Fei drank all the nectar in one gulp. His Stamina was full again! His Stamina continued to decrease, by half! What the heck, he couldn't even get two Stamina Tanks?

Da Fei panicked and shouted, "Dierdri, open me a bottle of Morning Dew!"

Deirdre chuckled. "Now! Master!"

The second tube of Stamina ran out. Da Fei used the third bottle of Honeydew! Continue, decrease! At this moment,

— System Message: Very sorry! Your scout training failed!

— System Message: You have gathered information about the skill "Special Forces Training Skill"!

Da Fei was stunned! Failed again? What caused this? It's okay, there's skill information again! This meant it was reliable. This situation was probably the same as when he attacked the crocodile. He needed to collect information over again. Then, he'd keep going.

Deirdre suddenly said, "Master, wait!"

Dafei was surprised. "What is it?"

Deirdre said, "This demoness' stamina has dropped to 0. She probably won't be able to accept your training anymore. She needs to rest."

Da Fei finally understood. He wasn't the only one suffering from this training? He thought he could do it in one go. Da Fei sighed. "Then, let her eat and rest. I'll give her the pastries I brought."

Deirdre chuckled. "Master, she's just a soldier. It's a waste to eat such good food. Just give her regular water and coarse grain."

Da Fei smiled bitterly. "I… love soldiers like my own children. It's okay." Sigh, I was just worried! I just wanted to learn the God-level Reconnaissance Skill today so I could start the game the next day. God knows how much of a sensation my mission caused. The longer I stayed in the Luminous Pool, the worse it would be for me to attack the Abyssal Blood Pool.

Deirdre chuckled. "Master, I'm a master at training soldiers. I can see your problem. Please listen to me."

Oh? A subordinate is talking! I'm not alone! Da Fei was excited and said, "Please speak! I'm not being rude, I'm not the Devil King."

Deirdre smiled sweetly. "Master, this is the first time you're using a training skill, right?"

Oh, someone could tell I was a virgin? Da Fei blushed and nodded. "Not bad."

Deirdre smiled. "That's right. Master's skill proficiency is too low, which is why he uses up so much of his energy. It's hard to succeed, so I suggest you practice your skill proficiency first."

There was actually a skill proficiency in training! Da Fei was surprised. "Then, how do I practice proficiency?"

Deirdre smiled charmingly and pointed at her chest. "Of course, the owner is using me to practice!"

Da Fei was shocked. "How is that possible? Not even underage kids can do it. You…" Old people like him couldn't do it either. Was it like mining? The higher the level, the more proficient you became.

Deirdre smiled. "Of course. I'm a master trainer myself. I'll do my best to guide my master!"

Oh, coordination, guidance. So this is how you practice proficiency? Da Fei was amazed! Great! Great! As a virgin, I need more guidance. Wahahaha!

Deirdre smiled. "Master, hold me tight!"

Da Fei was overjoyed. "You want me to hug you?"

Dierdre chuckled. "This is the interaction between the flesh and the heart. This is the only way I can guide you!"

Da Fei nodded, salivating. "OK! OK!" It was great that he could get a Banshee, a Banshee who could train with him!

— System Message: Are you going to train "Banshee Instructor Deirdre" into a scout?

I'm sure! Then, I spent 500 gold coins. Then, my stamina ran out. The Banshee in Da Fei's arms was enveloped in white light. Of course, it said, "Sorry, you failed!"

Then, the two of them happily ate pastries and drank nectar to replenish their energy. Then, they continued to fail. Continue to fail. Continue to fail. Every time Da Fei saw her greedy expression while eating pastries, he felt that something was wrong. I say, baby, you're not thinking of eating pastries, right? How can a Banshee instructor's * * * be so simple? How hard is the world of demons?

It was almost dawn. There was no day or night underground, but a new day had begun.

After one night of training, Da Fei failed 50 times. He lost 25,000 gold coins! Money, all of it was swindled. He didn't feel bad about it. Failing one night of training did have some effect. He didn't lose too much stamina. If he lost 50%, he'd fail. It saved him a lot of pastries.

Deirdre smiled. "OK, Master. Let me talk to this little guy and calm her down. Please get ready."

Da Fei reluctantly let go of her hand and sighed. "OK."

Now, everything was ready.

Dierdre led the demoness over and smiled. "Master, do you remember the feeling when you hugged me?"

Da Fei laughed in surprise. Of course he remembered what it felt like to masturbate! The NPC really meant, hm? Wait! Only then did Da Fei realize that he had an icon similar to lipstick in his food-added state. Banshee's Embrace? Increase Banshee's affinity? What was this buff for?

Deirdre pushed the harpy. "Go!"

The demoness leaped into Da Fei's arms under Deirdre's tutelage, making him jump! Hey, hey, hey! Even if you wanted to throw yourself at me, you'd have to be a pretty little girl. How could you do this? Is this the right way to train a demoness?

Right, the training was for both parties. He had to work hard, but the little temptress had to work with him too. He didn't know what was going on with this Embrace, but it was obvious that Deirdre had put in a lot of effort this night. She had taken care of the little temptress, so the rest was up to him.

Great, now he had proficiency, posture, and stamina. Time to work!

— System Message: Are you going to train "Underage Banshee" into a scout type?

Yes!

His Stamina decreased slowly. When it dropped to 30%, he heard the sound of nature!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have completed your training! You have acquired a new type of soldier!

Success! Success at once! Da Fei happily tossed the little demoness away! The sounds of nature came one after another!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have learned the true meaning of Reconnaissance Skill after training the scouts. Your Reconnaissance Skill has advanced to God-level!

— System Message: You have trained a new type of soldier and learned a special skill, "Special Forces Training Skill."

— System Message: Congratulations! You have learned the God-level Reconnaissance Skill! You are the first player in the world to have learned a God-level skill. Do you want to announce this information to the world? (Note: After you announce this information, you will receive 10,000 World Reputation Points, and you will be admitted to the World Hall of Fame.)

Haha! Wahahaha! I did it! The world's number one godly skill player!

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.