Chapter 92: The Number One Person In Hell In China

A pink mist enveloped the approaching nightmare beast squad. In that instant, the nightmare beast’s attack came to a halt.

— System Message: Your Succubus Emperor team has cast Charm on the Nightmare Beast! The Nightmare spell is out of control for now.

He had a chance to turn the situation around. Da Fei was overjoyed! There seemed to be a line of prompts from the system saying that a group of Succubus Emperors had become eligible soldiers? Wahahaha! Now was not the time to look at their attributes. His goal was to get rid of the enemies and charge toward the barrier and the beach!

Amidst the ear-piercing alarm that reverberated through the camp, the nearest mobile patrol team charged toward them, its iron hooves kicking up dust!

Rustle! Two rows of arrows pierced through the barrier and flew out. Ice fragments flew everywhere, and blood and flesh flew everywhere!

Wahahaha! Blocker, charge!

The golden barrier looked like the end of a 100-meter run. The alarm sounded like the screams of the audience. The patrolling soldiers were chasing like laggards, challenging the champions one last time! Da Fei charged toward the end. He saw SV Fly's blurry figure behind the light. He heard the beautiful music of the ballista—Endpoint! Crossing! Victory!

Wahahaha! Da Fei's wild laughter reverberated in the air above the Pool of Light. All the beetles seemed to tremble! Yes, shake, beetle!!!

• • •

In the Hall of the Demon Kings of Sheogh, professional player of the Dragon Slayer Guild, number one player in hell in the China server, Lei Ren, was sitting on the steps in front of the hall with his game ID, the Thunder Fire Dragon, quietly waiting for the last moment.

For the past few hours, he'd been chatting and shouting. He was excited and enjoyed the process. In the few hours after he got on TV, he became a national war celebrity from an unknown pro player. The feeling of reaching the top in one step was indescribable. After the initial shyness, he quickly got used to his new status. He knew he was rich. His boss wanted to make use of this war to create a star! Yes, he was a rising star in the Chinese district, or even the world district!

When the Dragon Slayer Guild first started playing Hero Genesis, the boss had also invested a lot of money in the lottery. He was lucky to have picked quite a few powerful Undead Heroes, especially when Chang Liang took over the account. The boss kept it a secret, treating it as a secret weapon. Even the professional team of the same guild as him didn't know what Chang Liang's specialty was.

In short, the guild's main development direction was Undead, and Undead was indeed a popular, cool, and powerful race.

During the lottery, he also picked out some accounts of other races, such as Thunderfire Dragon's specialty, "Hell Hound Training Master." Every time the hero leveled up by 2 levels, the Hell Hound's Attack and Defense would increase by 1 point. This specialty was known as the dog king.

The specialties of the main fighting force were all good. The level 3 Hellhound, as a core unit of the Infernal Race, could generate as much cannon fodder as it could, so it was even better. It would be a pity to give this account to regular members, so Lei Ren, a new professional member, took over. This account was indeed worth having a professional member take over.

— Tri-headed Hellhound: Small-sized Evil Demon, Attack: 4, Defense: 2, Damage: 4-6, Health: 15, Attack Speed: 11, Movement Speed: 22, Command Value: 2, Special Skill: Three-Head Attack, Attack Interrupt.

The three-headed attack was of course because it could attack the three people standing in front of it at the same time. Since most of the troops were in battle formation, the hell dog would bite all three of them at once, so its actual damage wasn't 4-6, but 12-18! This was the standard of a Level 5 soldier!

There was no need to explain the disruption of attacks. Take the Flower Goblin as an example. If a group of hellhounds surrounded and attacked the enemy, the enemy would not be able to retaliate. They would have to ask their allies for help, or they would tear the enemy to death. There was no long-range attack for the first three-level soldiers, and the second-level soldiers were useless. The hellhounds took on too many responsibilities. Among the various races, the hellhounds were definitely the best third-level soldiers, even better than the Jungle Hunters.

Unfortunately, Hellhounds only had 15 HP and weren't up to the task. In that case, the King of Dogs' specialty would be useful. The elite form of the Hellhounds, the Inferno Hound, was a terrifying existence among other species. It was known as the Little Fire Dragon. When it bit people, it could spew out three flames to burn enemies. It was completely different from ordinary Three-Headed Hounds.

Of course, elite troops were usually owned by NPC factions, and players didn't get them easily, so the company gave the Lightning Fire Dragon account the task of fighting for the dog. This task was too long-lasting, so no one had high hopes for it, so the Lightning Fire Dragon was happy to take the time to do it. The good thing about this task was that the Lightning Fire Dragon had discovered new discoveries, which were that the hero of the dog king specialization could easily recruit new Hellhound monsters in the wild!

Rank 3 soldiers were rare at the moment. How scary was it for the dog king to recruit a level 3 unit in the wild? The hellhounds were hard to deal with, which meant all the hellhounds spawned in the wild were waiting for the Thunder Fire Dragon to recruit them!

Therefore, the biggest problem with the Thunderfire Dragon was to increase the upper limit of its Command Power. The Master-level of Leadership wasn't enough! The 100 Demon Leaders with 100 Command Power weren't enough! The bar only looked at the trashy sub-heroes who didn't look at their Command Power. It wasn't enough! Ask the boss for a huge sum of money to buy an [A] Class Treasure Leadership Medal, not giving it to him! The boss only promised to send a sub-account to receive the Hellhound, which the Thunderfire Dragon couldn't fit.

In short, being an official became the only way for the Thunder Fire Dragon to increase its Command Power. Therefore, he had always been in the government of the Demon Territory's Sheogh. It was only right that he received an Epic Mission from the Demon King.

Lei Huolong believed that at this stage, even if the number one Godly Hero of the Japanese server came, he would not be his match. And in this war, the boss would place a lot of importance on him. He would definitely equip himself with the guild's treasures. As long as he could defeat the Godly Hero of the Japanese server in front of the whole country, he would be famous for bringing glory to the country!

Of course, the idea wasn't bad. The problem was, if the Infernal Tribe in the China server wasn't powerful, he wouldn't be able to survive on his own.

While they were chatting, an angry roar came from the Demon Lord's Hall. "I refuse to accept this! I refuse to accept this!"

Lei Huolong was stunned. What happened?

At this moment, an Evil Demon Envoy came forward. "Lord Thunder and Fire, the Demon King wants to see you. Please follow me."

I finally made some progress. The problem is, I'm not ready yet!

Lei Huolong couldn't help but ask curiously, "Sir, what happened just now?"

The Demon Envoy said in a low voice, "Let me remind you, the Demon King is in a bad mood now. You have to be careful. That Lord Asmode was defeated by a superhero sent by the elves at the front line of the Pool of Light. The Demon King is very angry and is punishing him."

Recommend an app that was comparable to the old version of the novel chasing machine.

Lei Huolong was so shocked his jaw dropped. "How is this possible! How could a level 30 hero defeat that guy, that whatever?"

The Demon Envoy said in a low voice, "That's why the Demon King is angry!"

"Is the superhero the Son of God? He can't be a player, right?" The Thunder Fire Dragon realized the complexity of the problem. He needed to change his strategy! He needed to report to his boss.

(Note: Heroes don't die no matter if they're players or NPCs)

The scene changed. The Thunder Fire Dragon entered a lava lake. The long crystal bridge led to the throne in the middle of the lake. This was the Demon Lord's Hall.

The Demon King, covered in flames, didn't want to wait for the lightning dragon to cross the bridge. A flaming sword descended from the sky and stabbed the lightning dragon.

The demon lord's voice reverberated through the world. "This is a replica of the Armageddon Blade. It can only be used once. You, take the chance to complete the task. Don't embarrass me anymore!"

— Doomsday's Blade (Pseudo-divine artifact, quest item): + 10 mana, can release a God-level Destruction spell, Doomsday.

— Doomsday: Unleashes fire-attribute attacks on all creatures on the battlefield.

The lightning fire dragon egg shattered on the ground!

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.