Chapter 99: Selling Heroes' Heritage

Heroes were indeed immortal. They would appear in taverns or altars in the city if they died in battle, but that didn't mean they didn't die. Heroes also had a lifespan. Players didn't have a lifespan, but some special NPC heroes with game backgrounds, such as the Elven Hero, Anwen's grandmother, were designated as older heroes. Such settings only appeared during missions, and their levels might decrease with age. This was probably why Anwen and the elderly Knoxx could appear in the barrier.

The older heroes would usually record their lifetime's worth of knowledge on scrolls, the so-called hero inheritance.

Now, Da Fei didn't feel guilty at all. He excitedly checked his loot. After all, it was hard for him to connect such a huge spider to the word "elderly."

— Knox's Heroes' Heritage: Blood Thirst, Heroes' melee units will gain Life-Steal, which can heal 8% of the damage taken.

What the heck! A blood-sucking ability! And it's the entire army's blood-sucking ability! Doesn't this mean the whole army has turned into knock-off vampires? Da Fei was so shocked his eyes almost popped out! While he was overjoyed, the following words were:

— Usage Requirement: The troops of the heroes must have a demonic hybrid, such as the orc race, the arachne race, and the alternative dragon race.

Um, it was like a bucket of cold water had been poured on his head, extinguishing Da Fei's elation.

What the heck, this was the first time he'd heard of the Spider Demon and the alternative dragon race! Well, the alternative dragon race had heard of the orc unit's level-six Wyvern, which specialized in self-healing. In other words, this scroll was for orc players! What the heck, this is so annoying!

No, no, no, it's not annoying at all. This is good! I can sell it! I'm a professional gamer, what kind of professional gamer am I if I don't even make a deal? Earning money from my pocket is money. If I really got something I could use, I'd have to decide if I should sell it or use it. That would be annoying.

Now was the time to slowly calculate the value of this scroll. Tch, what's there to calculate? I'll show off online and let those experts make their own bids. Wahahaha.

Da Fei eagerly logged onto the forum.

He'd introduce the orcs here.

In the game, orcs were very special and well-known. They were hybrids left behind by demons when they invaded the land 10 thousand years ago. They lived in the vast grasslands in the east of the continent. Hybrids made them more unique than pure demons, so pure demons didn't dare to underestimate them.

The unique thing about Orcs was that they couldn't learn the four major spells of light, darkness, and destruction. Their spells were unique shamans, having their own specialty in lightning, wind, and Elemental Spirits. Then, there were other players' anti-light, darkness, and destruction skills, which reduced the effects of the enemy's spells to the minimum. The higher the shaman's mana, the better the anti-magic effect.

The Orc Hero's job skill was Blood Rage. As the battle progressed, the Orc unit's Physical Immunity would increase exponentially. The two most famous sub-skill below Blood Rage was Berserk, Battle Howl. The effect would be known.

In short, an orc army would have a huge headache in the later stages of the game. When fighting an orc army, all sorts of tricks were useless. The army had to fight the army, and the generals had to fight the generals. Players who weren't good at using magic or weaponry, brainless orcs with passive skills, were the best choice.

Orcs: Level 0 Goblin, Level 1 Goblin Warrior, Level 2 Half-Centaur, Level 3 Wolf Knight, Level 4 Armament Shaman, Level 5 Beast Soldier, Level 6 Wyvern, and Level 7 Cyclops.

In a situation where Level 2 soldiers of the Dark Faction were generally trash, the Orc's specialty, the Half-Martial, was the core power of the Orc's Maneuver. Its specialty was "Movement Shooting," which was one of a kind in the whole of Hero Continent. Even the sprites who were good at archery had to admit defeat, because long-range soldiers had to stop and shoot arrows from where they stood when shooting. This type of soldier also had excellent close-combat skills.

What was even more outrageous was that ordinary players could pick the Half-Centaur type of weapon for themselves when building their accounts! It was a Level 2 weapon, after all, there was no need for a lottery! One could imagine what this meant. In the hands of high-end players, Half-Centaurs could easily kill high-level melee monsters with guerrilla attacks. Orc players' leveling speed was second only to elves.

Of course, the shortcomings of Centaurs were equally outrageous! This creature was huge! And it had 15 HP! 15 HP was considered above-average for a Level 2 Soldier, but it was hard for players to imagine that such a huge centaur only had 15 HP. Where did it grow meat? The answer was, this creature had two hearts, one on a man, one on a horse, and two hearts gave the centaur incredible mobility, but it also added half of its fatal weakness.

At the same time, its size meant the Half-Centaur couldn't move without the terrain! Even a Level 1 Undead Soldier, Skeleton Archer, could shoot down a whole Half-Centaur without worrying about miss. Skeleton's special skill was Empty Bones, which reduced long-range damage by 50%. When it came to shooting, the strongest archer, Half-Centaur, was no match for the weakest archer, Skeleton.

Compared to centaurs with similar strengths and weaknesses, the Orcs' level 3 Wolf Knights were much more eye-catching. The so-called Wolf Knights were Goblins riding on Wolves. They were the fastest soldiers in the first level 3 regular army, second only to the Hellhounds, and also applicable to the forests and harsh battlefields in the mountains. The scary thing was, as a "cavalry," while humans were struggling over the number of warhorses, armor production, and most importantly, the compatibility between Knights and Horses, the Orcs' Wolf Knights were mass-producing wave after wave. There were countless wolf packs on the grassland, and there was a lack of animal trainers. Humans were much further away from horses than Orcs and Wolves.

In short, the combination of the Centaur and the Wolf Knight, a level 2, 3 unit with high attack speed and high production of long-range melee attacks, made the orc race the hegemon of the plains. Once enraged, and if he went berserk, he could cut people like grass, blowing them to pieces.

That was why Orc players had level 2 and 3 soldiers to conquer the world. As for the higher-level troops? The Orc players really didn't like them. If they were too slow, they'd be a burden. They usually stayed in the city and enjoyed the treatment of the elven tree spirit.

Be it mobile guerrilla attacks or a life-and-death battle, orcs all had powerful explosive power. The higher the explosive power, the better the blood-sucking effect. This Heroes' Heritage was unquestionably a godly skill for Orcs! It could be said that if any Orc player got this scroll, a Godly Hero would be born! If the Undead relied on a Vampire, what was the point? The Orc players were all Vampires! Although the blood-sucking wasn't as crazy as the real Vampire.

Now, Da Fei had left an anonymous thread on the Hero Forum's website, "Heroes' Heritage. Give me your contact number at the price. What is the Heroes' Heroes' Heritage? I'll show you. The thread has to have a long title!" Yes, although Da Fei was always high-profile in the game, he was very low-profile when it came to real-life transactions. He had to be anonymous. He had to keep a low-profile. People had to wear masks when winning lottery prizes. He had to be even more careful when he talked about US dollars. Otherwise, if some fearless internet cafe kids followed him without money and stabbed him in the back, it'd be a shame if he died with millions of dollars!

Da Fei could imagine how big of a sensation his photo would create in China.

Da Fei returned to the game. At this time, a large group of Flower Goblins surrounded him and sang. This was obviously the so-called Race Reputation "Ode." Typically, City Reputation, Faction Reputation, and World Reputation were all very common, but this Race Reputation was quite rare. At least, there wasn't much information about it in the official information. But since he got it from an Epic Mission, it must be pretty impressive. Fine. When he built a city here in the future, the residents would all be Flower Goblins. Maybe the higher the Race Reputation, the more soldiers he could develop?

Da Fei started checking the remaining two pieces of equipment.

— Spider Demon Armor: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Armor Position. Total Defense + 10, Total Health + 3.

— Cliff Walker's Backpack: C-Level Strategy Treasure, Supplementary Equipment Position. A web bag filled with Tenacious Spider Silk could be used to climb the steep terrain.

Da Fei laughed out loud! Good armor! Good armor! I was worried about the lack of defense in the army and the lack of Flower Goblin Blood! Next, I'll learn the sub-skill, Vitality, infinitesimally. The whole army's HP will be + 2! With my 100-game winning streak, the Flower Goblin's equipment and skills will reach 9 points! Its HP will increase four-fold! What's there to be afraid of? Beetles!

As for the backpack, well, not bad, not bad! Hahaha!

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.