Chapter 98: Killing The Spider Demon Hero

The battle continued for a few rounds.

Da Fei didn't plan to use the Flower Goblin in the camp or the Succubus Emperor in the sky to help. With its iron-plate-like defense and blood-sucking skills, low-hanging soldiers weren't much of a threat to it. Instead, they'd make it flee. If it ran now, Da Fei couldn't stop it. Da Fei's efforts were in vain.

The key was that this was a Hero, not an ordinary monster Boss. Compared to the players, its tactical level was at least higher. As for its intelligence, it was hard to say. If it was smart, and Da Fei failed this time, it might not have a chance to kill it again. Then, this threat would affect the entire Epic Mission.

Therefore, he had to succeed in baiting Da Fei this time. He couldn't fail!

The spider pressed closer with its huge body, seemingly trying to push Da Fei back into the water.

Tch! I've never won chess with a computer before. Don't think I don't know what you're doing! You want to kill the healer! Da Fei immediately told the water to keep the Serbia away.

As soon as Serbia moved, a red light flashed on the spider's body. The spider suddenly sped up—Da Fei was so shocked his balls flew up!

It was the Orc's signature skill, Berserk! It killed someone in an instant while the target was healing! F*ck, what a "kill two birds with one stone"! If the target didn't leave, you could kill the target. If the target left, you could kill me instantly!

But he had a healer! The Forest Goddess, who had been hiding in the air, made her move! While her Advanced Healing Skill didn't have any mana to support it, he could still hold on for a while.

"-52" "+ 30" "-62" "+ 30" "" -71 "+ 30"

Each strike was faster and more ruthless than the last. When it seemed like it wouldn't work,

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, has healed you with Master-level light magic. You recovered Health + 109!

(Note: Elementary Healing Skill Recovers Health = 10 + 5x mana, Middle-grade = 20 + 5x mana, High-grade = 30 + 5x mana, Expert = 40 + 5x mana, Master = 50 + 5x mana)

Haha! Wahahaha! Did he really think he could take the risk?

— System Message: Your Intelligence Analysis skill has found the target's weakness. Your current attack will ignore 25-50% of the target's Defense.

Da Fei laughed out loud! I didn't discover your weakness, you just revealed your weakness!

Berserk lowered defense and reduced stamina after-effects. Then, his brother's god-level skill took advantage of the opening and created a new weakness. This was a double weakness! Yes, a fly didn't take advantage of a seamless egg. Under normal circumstances, intelligence analysis wouldn't work directly, but once the opponent was in a negative state, the skill would hit him when he was down.

Da Fei shot at him. "-22!"

I dealt twice the usual damage! This is the effect of 20 Attacks, which means its Defense is down to 0! Haha, what are you doing?

Clearly, the spider hero also realized that it didn't have a chance anymore. It stuck out its butt and frantically grabbed the thick wire on its butt to raise the elevator. It wanted to escape!

Da Fei's eyelids jumped! Even if he killed all the flower demons, he couldn't let you escape!

Da Fei waved his hand. "Everyone, attack!"

The hundred flower demons in the camp swarmed out. A swarm of bees appeared above its head. A large group of flower demons surrounded it, sending limestone pollen flying!

— System Message: Your Flower Goblin Army's Wasp Group Magic Skill is ineffective against the hero!

— System Message: Your Flower Goblin's Pollen Striking Skill is ineffective against the hero!

— System Message: Your Temptation skill is ineffective against the hero!

What the heck! Not only does he have high attack and defense, but he also knows how to suck blood. Not only is he immune to poisons, but he's also immune to the bees and pollen that the Flower Goblin uses to save its life. He's going to beat me! How can I let such a powerful enemy go?

Da Fei didn't hesitate. He leaped forward and hugged one of its hind legs. "You want to leave? Not so easy!"

But the Spider Hero was determined to go. Even with Da Fei as a hindrance, even with its entire body surrounded by the Flower Goblin, its spider silk elevator was still slowly rising! What the heck!

Da Fei looked around anxiously. SV Fly was heading back with its sails full, but it was too late. Maybe it ran so fast because it saw SV Fly coming back? That was so sneaky and cautious.

What to do, what to do! Serbia didn't follow me. If it dragged me to a nest in the sky and fought me, I wouldn't have any HP. No amount of soldiers could beat it!

I defeated a high-level Epic Hero who had a powerful army and was a Level 8 soldier! I'm a God-level expert. I have so many soldiers, but I can't beat a Level 30 Luminous Pole Spider!

How could he accept this? His Epic Mission was doing so well. Was he going to die at the hands of this spider? Wasn't he an expert?

I refuse to accept this! No one is allowed to jump in the elevator!

He wanted to jump!

Da Fei dragged its leg and kicked it a few times, but it didn't help!

Hm? Wait! What's the point of jumping on my own? Let's do it together! Da Fei immediately called for the Flower Goblins. "Everyone, stop fighting. Let's play your favorite swing! Come, let's push forward together!"

Don't flower demons love to chase and play in the air, holding a swing made of vines? You're fairy-tale creatures, do you understand what I mean? You should at least understand the words "swing", right?

As expected, the Flower Goblin instructor was smart. He was the first to learn how to summon the Flower Goblins. "Let's do the swing!"

In that instant, there was no more killing intent on the battlefield. The group of flower demons laughed and pushed the spider's giant body away from the vertical angle. Then, the spider slowed down!

Done! Da Fei laughed and played a few more times. "Slam! Slam!"

The flower demons worked even harder. The spider shook back and forth like a pendulum, shaking harder. The spider swayed lower, and the spider silk grew longer. It was almost impossible to climb up! Jump into the water if you dare! Haha, wahahaha!

— Battlefield information prompt message: Target has entered the range of your Phantom Ballista!

Great! You're amazing. You deserve to die with the Phantom Ballista! Da Fei immediately dismissed the flower demon pushing the swing and shouted excitedly, "Fire at me!!!"

From afar, two arrows, shining with white light, drew a beautiful arc in the air. The Phantom Ballista really knew how to turn!

He was getting closer! Da Fei could feel the cold on his face. The wind pressure made it hard to breathe. So this was how it felt to be hit by a ballista!

Bang! Bang! The frost exploded, and blood splattered everywhere! The giant spider's body exploded in midair. Da Fei fell into the sea with its thick hind limbs.

— System Message: Congratulations! You killed the Epic Hero, "Old Knox," so you received 230 thousand experience points! You received the Heroes' Heritage Scroll, you received the [B] Class Strategy Treasure, "Spider Demon Armor"! You received the [C] Class Strategy Treasure, "Cliffwalker's Backpack"!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have achieved "Battle of the Fourth Battle," and received a reward of Command Power + 10.

— System Message: You have completed the hidden branch quest "Pool of Purification," "The Catcher in the Shadow," in advance. You have received 200,000 EXP and gained the race reputation of the Flower Goblin. Your current reputation among the Flower Goblins is "Beloved"! You have received information on the species of the Spider Demons, and your reputation among the species is "Hatred"!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Serbia, has reached level 23!

• • •

Kill! Not defeat?

Da Fei, who was looking forward to the system notification, saw the words "kill" painted red by the system. He was shocked!

Wasn't a hero immortal? Did he know how to use an altar in a bar? Did he kill the hero? The elderly Knox? Was the hero supposed to be at the end of his lifespan? What the heck, the legendary Heroes' Heritage was exposed. He really had to fight to death. He was beating up the Southern Mountain and the Respectable Home!

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.