Chapter 97: Luring And Killing The Hidden Enemy

Looking at the big red dot on the map, Da Fei immediately ordered the whole army to be on high alert. At the same time, he took out his binoculars and looked up. This red dot wouldn't show up sooner or later, but it would show up here anyway. He didn't need to think to know why it was here.

A blurry figure appeared in the telescope. Da Fei's eyelids twitched. It was so big, Boss?

While he was still in shock, the figure disappeared. The red dot on the radar also disappeared. Da Fei was shocked. How did it disappear? Devil Teleport? Stealth Move?

Whatever it was, the thing was, the guy was on top of an unknown tree. The Jungle Scamper didn't have a good shooting range. If the ballista couldn't hit him from above, could it only hit airmen like the Flower Goblin Emperor? The problem was, the guy had to be a boss, right? What boss would appear above him? Was he an airman too?

While he was still in shock, the giant figure appeared again! At the same time, red dots appeared on the map again!

Da Fei finally saw it clearly. It was a giant spider the size of a house! Then, it disappeared again!

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. It was Stealth Move! If even his God-level Reconnaissance Skill and binoculars were so hard to see, it meant the target had a very high level of Stealth Move! Of course, there was the possibility of the dim light or obstacles underground. Did the presence of spiders mean?

Da Fei quickly called the Flower Goblin instructor over. "Let me ask you a question. How were you captured by the Devil?"

The Flower Goblin instructor sighed. "When we were patrolling in the air, we bumped into something and lost consciousness. When we woke up, we were already captured."

What the heck! Is this spider really good at making girls dizzy? I thought the Flower Goblin being captured by the Devil was part of the plot, but it turns out it's true.

This purification task wasn't that easy. Other than the countless bugs, there was also the spider, the biggest threat. It was a good thing he had the Divine Reconnaissance Skill to find it first, or he'd have been killed.

The problem was, how could he get rid of it? Fly into the sky? There must be a spider web in the sky, right? If he accidentally killed it, wouldn't it be a huge loss? He couldn't fly into the sky. The Flower Goblin was weak, and he couldn't help it in the sky either. Since the enemy was plotting something, he could only play along and lure it down.

Da Fei immediately removed the alert and told the Forest Hunters on the deck to rest. He also told the Flower Demons to continue playing in the camp.

He waited for a while. The red dot was still there, but it didn't come down. Was he worried?

Da Fei sent all the Forest Hunters on the deck to the cabins to rest. He also sent the Flower Demons to the barracks to sleep and recover their mana. They shouldn't be on guard, right?

Da Fei waited for a while, but there was still no movement! What the heck! My time is precious! I need to sneak behind the enemy and save them. I don't have time to waste with you.

Did he have to wait for his ship to leave before he could make a move? It was possible that ambushes were usually patient and cautious, and they wouldn't make a move easily.

Should he wait for it to attack the camp, and then he'd send the ship back? What the heck, this wasn't a spaceship. As soon as it appeared, it would be gone! He couldn't count on the Ballista anymore!

Da Fei was deep in thought. As time passed, his balls hurt more.

In fact, there was a way. Should he fight it out with his Phantom Walk or its Stealth Move? He just didn't know how powerful it was. It couldn't have killed him instantly, could it? Didn't they say powerful creatures couldn't enter this place? He could probably survive it, right?

In short, there was no other way but to fight him in close combat!

Da Fei called Katerina and Serbia to discuss the tactical details. Katerina said there was nothing wrong, but Serbia looked troubled. "Should I go into the water?"

Hey, hey, as a member of the navy, your dream is to go out to sea with your dad. You can't possibly not know how to swim, right? At the very least, you're a hero! Would there be a hero who didn't know how to swim? Da Fei patted her shoulder seriously. "That's right. You're the captain's strong support now. I need you."

Serbia blushed. "But if I go into the water, I'll get pregnant…"

— Ah!!! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood essence! Was this a nun's weird view of the world? This was the Pool of Light, not a sperm-filled pond! What were you thinking?

Recommend an app that was comparable to the old version of the novel chasing machine.

Katerina laughed even harder.

F*ck, why are you laughing? This is a serious problem for nuns! Don't laugh. If you laugh again, I'll teach you and me how to get pregnant!

Da Fei patted her shoulder again. "It's okay. You won't get pregnant. If you do, it's mine!"

Selwell nodded. "OK!"

Da Fei said happily, "That's good. OK, let's go."

"OK! OK! Let's go!" Katerina smiled and staggered into the driver's seat.

SV Fly lifted its sail and used the weak wind from the Primordial Wind to sail far away from the Flower Goblin camp. Da Fei and Serbia secretly jumped into the water. Da Fei used Phantom Pursuit. The two of them snuck back to the camp and hid in the water under the roots of the camp. The two Succubus Emperors also hid in the air.

That's right. This was the time to see which side hid better. As long as the spider thought there was no one else to attack, he would suddenly fight it out!

Sailville's specialty was the Song of the Sea. The effect of casting light spells in the sea increased with the increase in level. When she was level 22, the effect would increase by 22%. Then, there was no telling how much the effect of the Wind of the Ages would increase. After that, her spells would only be used to help her brother, so her mana consumption would be greatly reduced. She didn't need to win. As long as she could stall the Wind of Time until the Caterina Warship Cannon came back, everything would be fine. Of course, if she wanted to stall, she couldn't equip something like the hourglass of Bad Luck. The bad luck of players killing dozens of Bosses with halved damage couldn't compare to the good luck of killing a Boss with a critical hit.

Now, Da Fei stared at the faintly discernible red dot on the map, anxiously waiting for the other party to take the bait.

Finally, the man didn't disappoint. He moved! The red dot started to charge toward the camp.

Wahahaha! Little guy, you're still too young to play with my God-level Reconnaissance Skill! Now is the crucial moment. If you can't hold on, it's useless.

As he got closer, a giant spider with a thick spiderweb attached to its butt descended from the sky like an elevator. Da Fei's heart skipped a beat when he saw its enormous size. It wouldn't crush him, right?

It sat quietly in the camp and started spitting—how could I let you have your way? Kill!

With a splash, Da Fei jumped out of the water and charged forward. At the same time, a golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, cast the Master-level light spell, "Tenacious Power," increasing your Defense by 19 points.

Wahahaha, I have 44 + 19 Defense now. Do you want to kill me?

The spider stared at Da Fei with its red eyes and waved its claws at him. At this moment, Da Fei suddenly noticed a dark ring under the spider!

Da Fei was shocked! What the heck! This guy was a hero! There were actually non-human heroes in the game! What kind of hidden race hero was this? Da Fei realized how complicated this Epic Quest was.

He didn't have to think too much about it. If it was a hero, it meant it had limited Level 30 skills, especially since it learned so many Reconnaissance Skills, it had limited combat skills. He wasn't afraid of it!

The battle began!

Da Fei's first shot hit the target. "-3! Poison Immunity!"

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! The damage was only 1 / 4 of the usual level, but its Defense was around 100? And it had a max-level Defense Skill? His Sea Anemone toxin didn't work on it!

Then, the giant claw came toward him. With a flash of blood, Da Fei's body shook, and a -51 appeared above his head! A + 3 appeared above his head!

— Ah! Da Fei almost vomited blood! He only had 100 HP, it hit him half the time! How many Attack Skills did it have? How much damage did it deal? Did it know how to suck blood? How many skills did it have? Including the skills of its kind, there were four of them, right?

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, has healed you with Master-level light magic. You have recovered Health + 51!

Ha! Wahahaha! Who cares how many damage and skills you have! If you have the guts, kill me! I'm at full health too! I'm an expert because I always plan for the worst and prepare for the best!

Come on, let's fight!

(Requesting various votes!)

Please read the app.