Chapter 91: Ambush Kill Before Breaking Out

Just as Da Fei was about to retreat, he heard the sound of metal hooves on the ground. A patrol team of dogs and horses rushed toward him, kicking up a cloud of dust. Clearly, the tower's sudden extinguishment had attracted the attention of the patrol.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Oh no!

Succubus Emperors had independent scout skills, so it didn't matter. He could tell them to run at any time, but not the Flower Goblin! Normal troops like hers had to run with the hero. If it wasn't for the rules of the game, Da Fei would have said, "You can fly into the barrier and ignore me." But the game was a game. If Da Fei, the commander, couldn't escape, they couldn't escape either. If Da Fei died, his soldiers would either fight to the death or disperse like birds and beasts. In short, this rescue mission was for nothing.

It was a good thing he still had the help of the battleship cannon. The ballista would be the only way to break out of the encirclement! Now that the watchtower had attracted their attention, it would be easier for them to do things without noticing the battleship inside the golden barrier.

Here it comes! A Blood-Armored Knight riding a nightmare beast charged forward. The legendary Level 8 Hellboy, right? I don't care if you're a knight or not, you're just a boss. I've killed at least 100 bosses, if not 1000, not to mention I have 16 Ballistas right now!

The Blood-Armored Knight rushed to the watchtower and shouted, "Jerk! What happened at the watchtower? Why aren't you working?"

Da Fei was stunned. Level 8 soldiers could talk? Although soldiers could say simple "Yes, Sir" commands, so many words weren't simple orders?

No one answered. The blood-armored knight got off the horse impatiently. He walked toward the watchtower and kicked. "Open the door!"

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock. There was a fiery-red Hero's Halo under his feet! What the heck! It was a hero from the Hell Race! He didn't realize it when he was riding the burning hell!

In that instant, Da Fei made a prompt decision—kill her! Double Fire of the Phantom Ballista! All Ballistas aimed at the door!

At this time, the battleship and Da Fei were both in the same battlefield area. As the highest-ranking commander, Da Fei could command the troops on the spot. This was the convenience of the game.

The hero roared, "How dare you be negligent! I'll kill you myself!"

Another kick—boom! The watchtower's door exploded!

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock. This was the gate to the watchtower, equivalent to a small city gate! How could he smash the city gate with one leg? What a ferocious hero! When he thought of how powerful the hero he was going to kill was, Da Fei's heart leaped to his throat! At the same time, an even more fanatical thought came to his mind—kill him!

What did killing such a powerful hero mean? Such a powerful hero was rarely seen! Yes, Level 8 soldiers were the guards of the Demon King's Palace. Ordinary people wouldn't be able to see them. What was the hero of a Level 8 soldier? A Level 7 human soldier was an angel, and a Level 8 hero like him was an angel, right? It was rare to be targeted by the legendary Phantom Ballista outside the 16 Ballistas! Da Fei clenched his fists!

— Clang! Another kick landed, and the watchtower door exploded!

Now!

More than a dozen crossbow bolts shot out of the barrier. Maybe the loud noise from the door covered the sound, or maybe it was because there was no way to adjust the posture or power of the kick, the hero only had time to turn his head—Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang!

Amidst the flying ice, he was sent flying into the watchtower! This was the effect he wanted. Da Fei was so excited he almost jumped!

In an instant, the troops outside the door blew up!

— Rustle Rustle!!! The second row of crossbow bolts followed closely behind the ballistae, blasting into the watchtower's entrance. The Illusionary Crossbow's ice debris exploded again!

Amidst the bombardment of ice chips, the dozen hellhounds patrolling outside the door couldn't take the second bullet and died!

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! There was no system prompt! The hero was still alive! He was hit by more than a dozen arrows and a magic arrow, but he didn't die! Was this a Boss-level hero? A hero like Renoir?

Saturation attack!!! Boom! Keep attacking! Keep attacking! Crush the tower!!! Da Fei gritted his teeth, his expression twisted.

Alarms sounded throughout the demon camp! Groups of patrolling soldiers began to gather. At the same time, the gates of the demon race's mechanical workshops opened, and the sound of machine grinding filled the camp. Although they didn't know what it was, it sounded like a secret weapon.

Da Fei felt conflicted. Killing a Level 8 Hero seemed unrealistic, right? He couldn't accept this! He'd wait for the last shot. Whether it worked or not, he'd try to break out!

One second! Two seconds! Da Fei's time seemed to have slowed down. He never thought time would pass so slowly. The slow goals on TV were real! They were real in the players' eyes!

As if crossing time and space, a row of ballistae pierced through the golden curtain of light! At this moment, Da Fei could feel his vision distorting! Was the sweat blurring his vision? Was he hallucinating from nervousness?

— Boom! Boom! Boom!! The watchtower was covered in dust!

Da Fei's eyes widened! It wasn't because of the sweat, nor was he hallucinating. There was indeed something in front of him! Something red appeared not far from him! It was a Blood-Armored Knight with arrows all over his back!

Da Fei's jaw dropped! This was the Greater Demon's Teleportation! He was beyond the Greater Demon and knew how to teleport! He was now at a location where the ballista couldn't reach! He wasn't in a good state of half-kneeling!

Last hit!

In that instant, Da Fei didn't think about anything else. With a wave of his hand, the Flower Goblin and the Succubus Emperor, hidden in the illusion, charged forward!

Recommend an app that was comparable to the old version of the novel chasing machine.

— System Message: When your troops start fighting, the Phantom March effect is gone!

Faced with the sudden attack from the smallpox demons, the Level 8 hero screamed at the top of his lungs, "Guards!"

The hellhorses, who didn't agree at the entrance of the watchtower, charged forward with flaming iron hooves!

Da Fei knew he was wrong. This mistake would mean the Flower Goblin army was scattered. No, even if he was wrong, he had to finish off this attack! He could also send the Succubus Emperor away before he lost!

Da Fei charged at the HP-less Hero in front of him. Amidst the flying dust, a chrysanthemum flower came first, followed by a dragon-like spear!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have defeated the Epic Hero Asmode. You have received 500 thousand experience points! You have received 20 thousand gold coins! You have received the enemy's [A] Class strategic treasure, "The Hour of Bad Luck"!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached Level 27! Your Free Attribute Points + 1.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Serbia, has reached level 22!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your army of the Succubus Emperor experienced the harshest battle and became a qualified soldier!

Da Fei let out a long laugh! With the defeat of the hero, some of the charging nightmare beasts dissipated, and some of the nightmare beasts continued to attack!

Break out! Run as fast as you can!

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.