Chapter 94: Deirdre’S Hero’S Path

Da Fei returned to the ship. It was very busy. Many flower demons fainted on the deck as soon as they landed. They had just been freed from torture, and after two more battles, they had no energy left. Serbia was instructing the soldiers to move these unconscious flower demons to their dormitories to rest.

Katerina asked, "Captain, what do we do next?"

Da Fei pointed at the Flower Goblin instructor and smiled. "We'll have to see what she does!"

The Flower Goblin instructor bowed and said, "Respected hero, thank you for saving a portion of our sisters. The Luminous Pond has been occupied by the demonic bugs, especially since our home has been occupied by the nest. The nest can absorb the energy of the World Tree through our home. We have to destroy all the nests to take back our home. Only then can the World Tree survive. However, the nest has a lot of demonic bugs, so we need to save more sisters to fight the bugs."

The feeling of being able to predict the future was amazing!

Da Fei smiled. "Don't worry. I already destroyed a bug nest. Can you fix your home?"

The Flower Goblin instructor said happily, "Yes! As long as we work together, we can fix our home! As long as we fix our home, the power of the World Tree will give us more support. Hero, please take us home!"

Da Fei laughed out loud. He was doing his job well!

Dafei smiled and said, "OK, you can go back and rest."

"Thank you, hero!"

Katerina smiled. "Then, shall we return to the Flower Goblin camp we captured?"

Da Fei shook his head. "Time is of the essence! There are more Flower Goblins I need to save. My idea is—" Da Fei turned to look at the Succubus Emperor. He was so focused on escaping just now, he only knew the two sweethearts had passed. He didn't have time to see their attributes. When he turned to look, his jaw dropped!

Katerina also exclaimed, "You've grown up!"

Da Fei nodded. "Yes! I've grown up!"

Katerina exclaimed, "You're almost older than me!"

Da Fei drooled. "We'll see!"

Katerina moaned. "Captain, you're so mean!"

— Growth Elite: Elite Demon Creature with a small body, Attack: 17, Defense: 11, Damage: 17-23, Health: 137, Attack Speed: 11, Command Value: 12, Special Skill: Long-range Shooting, Flying Creature, Scout, War Plunder, Agility Dodge, Charm.

Seeing these attributes, Da Fei's eyes almost popped out of his head! Attack, Defense, and HP were all at Level 6! They were still growing! What was with this unscientific 12 Command Points? If he didn't have seven Forest Hunters and a 26 Command Point after upgrading Serbia to Level 1, he wouldn't have been able to lead them!

Of course, these weren't the key. The key was the words "Elite Devil Creature"! What did these words mean? All the players' first reaction would be "Wild Monsters, Dungeon Monsters, Mission Monsters! After all, Elites were often seen in monster dungeon missions.

For example, if a player ran into an Elite Zombie in the wild, it'd have 100 HP! Why would a zombie have so much HP? If an Elite monster didn't have any attributes, there was no need to talk about a boss. Everyone knew Elites were only one step away from a boss, although this step was harder than reaching the sky.

In short, a so-called Level 0 to 8 unit, especially a Level 8 unit, could be built with military force, no matter how impressive it was. Elites and bosses, however, couldn't be built.

In other words, the Succubus Emperor was out of the category of regular soldiers! Isn't this obvious? How else could my special forces training come about? Did I train it with special forces?

At this moment, Katerina coughed and chuckled. "I think Miss Serbia is right. They're not young anymore. It's time to dress them."

Da Fei was shocked! Put on clothes? No way! He pretended not to hear anything.

Da Fei came to his senses. "Let's go back to the Flower Goblin camp. I need to discuss something with Miss Dierdley!"

"OK, I'll start the boat right away."

SV Fly came again, and at this time, there was a lot of noise on the coast outside the barrier. Inside the gates of the demon race's workplace, giant, black, seemingly made of steel, oars were slowly pushed out of the gates and toward the coast. Countless demonic babies were laying rolling logs on the way to the demon ships. A war was about to begin.

Da Fei returned to the Banshee camp.

Deirdre greeted him with a smile. "Welcome back, Master!"

Da Fei proudly pushed the two Succubus Emperors forward. "Look at the results of my expedition!"

Deirdre was shocked!

Wow, this was the expression he wanted! Da Fei laughed and said, "Baby, tell me more!"

Deirdre smiled and sighed. "No wonder they're masters. Their growth is beyond my imagination. Anyway, I can teach them the Chain Shot of the Banshee race. As for the transformation technique, it'll depend on how much they've grown. It's still not something an ordinary elite Banshee can learn."

He started casting spells at the two Succubus Emperors, who were enveloped in a white light.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. This meant that the transformation skill had to be learned by a Boss? While the transformation skill wasn't a battle skill, it was undoubtedly very useful. At the very least, it could turn into an NPC and use the teleportation circle, saving a lot of trouble in transporting soldiers.

The Elite had already succeeded, so how far would the boss go? Right, he needed to ask Deirdre about becoming a boss.

— System Message: Your Succubus Emperor troops have learned a new skill, "Chain Shooting".

— Chain Shooting: The Banshee can release long-distance Fire Chain damage. After the Fire Chain hits the target, the target will be ejected to attack the next target. The damage from each ejection will be halved, at most five ejections. The target hit by the Fire Chain will have a Scorching Damage effect, which can increase damage with the Hellfire, a class skill of the Hell Genius. It will also receive additional damage from Ice Magic.

Da Fei chuckled. "Baby, you've worked hard! You've worked hard! I want to know how to train soldiers into elites or even leaders."

Deirdre shook her head and sighed. "I can't train them to be elites. Elites or leaders can't be trained just by thinking. They need actual combat. To be precise, as you can see, they need actual combat when they're young! As for the future, I'm not sure."

Was this the official answer? Da Fei asked, "How did you become a leader?"

Deirdre smiled faintly. "I have to thank a nun. It's all in the past." Then, she sighed. "I always thought I was very lucky, but compared to them, I realized I had taken many detours. To be honest, their growth really made me jealous. I suffered so much when I was young, took so many risks, and almost died many times, but I still couldn't catch up to them. It's their fortune to have a master. I don't have anything to teach them anymore. They need to work harder. Now is the critical period for their growth. Don't slack off."

Da Fei's brows twitched. A nun? A cloister? Damn, Dierdri was really sophisticated! This must be the plot mission that Xue Wei and the others received, right? Now that Dierdri was kidnapped by him, but there was no mission. He felt like the person who got her didn't get her heart.

Da Fei comforted her. "Baby, you're lucky to have met me! I'll treat you well!"

Deirdre smiled charmingly. "Thank you, sir!"

Da Fei took a deep breath. "You're right. This is the critical period for their growth. We can't slack off. I'll leave the Flower Goblin camp to Katerina and the others. I'll get off the ship and continue to sneak to the camp to rescue more Flower Goblins. The stronger they are, the easier it will be for me to rescue them. I hope they can make a bigger breakthrough!"

Then, Da Fei turned to leave. Just then, Deirdre grabbed him from behind!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. "What is this?"

Deirdre rubbed her body against Da Fei's back and said, "Master, this is great—please take me with you!"

Da Fei was shocked. "You're going? Why?" You're the instructor! If you died, you'd be in big trouble!

Deirdre chuckled. "Didn't the owner say he'd treat me well? How could he abandon me for a breakthrough?"

Da Fei exclaimed, "You want to break through?"

Deirdre said in a low voice, "I've known death since I was a child. I kept improving my ability in an attempt to stay away from death, but the more powerful I was, the greater the threat. I still couldn't escape the shadow of death. I was afraid of death. My biggest wish was to be immortal!"

Da Fei was invigorated. "You want to be a hero?" No wonder she knew so much! She knew more than Katerina and Serbia! She really knew something!

Deirdre cried, "That's right! I can only escape my destiny by becoming a hero! Although the distance from a leader to a hero is out of reach, I can see hope from meeting my master. Master, you must have a way to make me a hero! Maybe not now, but there will be a way in the future!"

— System Message: You have received Deirdre's Quest, "The Road to Heroes," do you accept?

— Mission tips: The hero is the Son of Destiny, a holy existence beyond the reach of ordinary people. The trial for the hero is extremely difficult, and the hero's direction is unpredictable. Once the trial is successful, a hero like Deirdre, who grew up from the bottom, will be extremely powerful. On the other hand, if the mission fails, Deirdre will die. Please choose carefully.

Da Fei's jaw dropped! This meant he stole Xue Wei's mission?

(Requesting various votes)

Please read the app.