Chapter 93: New Soldiers In The Japanese District

Dragon Slaying Network Entertainment Company.

The owner, Ma Yinglong, was talking on the TV with Yixing, the president of the Japanese Mitsubishi team, on the phone.

Fifty-Lan chuckled and bowed. "I'll leave it to you, Mr. Ma! Let's work together happily."

Ma Yinglong laughed evilly. "No, no, it's just that the influence of our guild, the Infernal Race, is limited. I'm afraid the president will be disappointed."

"Mr. Ma is being too modest!"

After the conversation ended, Ma Yinglong pulled off the earplug with a dark expression. He leaned back in his chair and stared at the ceiling.

While the Japanese didn't know where the battlefield was or who the enemy was, they still traveled around in a few hours and became the leader of the Infernal Race in the war. Their only advantage in confidentiality was nothing compared to the Japanese's diplomatic joint attack.

The Infernals in other countries weren't as powerful as those in the Japanese server, so they at least acted as if they wanted to work together. Even though Ma Yinglong and the Dragon Slaying Guild weren't powerful, considering there were a lot of idle players in China, 50 Lan still came to discuss some cooperation projects with him, hoping that the Dragon Slaying Guild could lead some idle players to support the operation in the Japanese server.

Support the Japanese in action? This sh * tty smile really made me lose my face and fight? Tch! In front of national justice, personal honor is nothing. Losing my face is not a problem. Just say the patriotic young man has too many situations out of control! It's not like no one has smashed Japanese cars and Japanese shops. If the officials can't control it, I can't control it while playing games! Not only can't I control it, I have to lead the resistance!

But since the other party had already formed an alliance, things were a little tricky. No matter how strong the alliance was, at least the American and Indian districts would support the Japanese district. There were too many countries in the European Union district. Should he talk to the Korean district? He might as well talk to Xingchen!

At this moment, Ma Yinglong's gaming helmet notification popped up. Even though Ma Yinglong hadn't been in the A-list for many years, and had faded out of the competition field, he was still a game-loving man. He often entered the game to watch the game, the online game management guild.

It was a text message from the Thunder Fire Dragon.

Ma Yinglong was shocked. "Doomsday!"

Apocalypse was a large-scale spell that could only be learned when one reached the level of Grandmaster Destruction. The visual effect was like a huge meteor falling from the sky. Grandmaster damage = 200 + 20x mana, and the center of the battlefield received an additional 20 + 20x mana damage. God-level damage = 300 + 30x mana, and the center of the battlefield received an additional 30 + 30x mana damage.

Mages who could learn the Guru-level Destruction spell had to have high mana, so it was almost as if the center of the battlefield would be hit by a meteorite, doubling the damage from the spells. The high-level armies of the Infernals had high fire resistance, so this Doomsday Ceremony spell didn't have much effect on the Infernals. It was basically a spell made for them.

This sword had 10 points of mana, so the magic damage was 600, which meant that all tactical units on the battlefield would take 600 points of damage. 600 points of damage could kill 40 15 HP hellhounds, 46 13 HP Horned Demons, and 120 5 HP Devil's Children. If it was detonated at the center of the battlefield… Ma Yinglong began to count the number of international friends he would kill with this shot.

Lei Ren reported, "Boss, the latest news is that the elven superhero killed a high-level Epic Hero from the Demon King's Palace."

Ma Yinglong laughed. "So superheroes are powerful?"

Lei Ren sighed. "It's hard to believe this is a player…"

Ma Yinglong laughed. "It's good to be strong! Then, we'll use the Pool of Light as a battlefield, pincer attack the multinational forces, and start the Doomsday Party!"

Lei Ren chuckled. "Boss, what about my equipment?"

Ma Yinglong snorted. "All you remember is equipment. This is national justice!"

Lei Ren chuckled. "Of course, of course. But as a national hero, we can't lose to the Japanese in terms of equipment. Otherwise, we'd be embarrassing the guild and the country!"

Ma Yinglong nodded. "That's right. I'll get someone to find you a fire resistant set, a fire resistant scroll!"

Lei Ren was stunned.

• • •

In the conference room on the 7th floor of the Mitsubishi Abc app building in Akihabara, Tokyo, there was thunderous applause!

"Now, all the infernal organizations in the world are under the leadership of the Japanese district. We have to show off our leadership in this operation. We have to show off our power to those who are watching or harboring evil intentions. We have to show them that only by submitting to the Japanese district can we live together. Otherwise, we'll be bankrupt!"

Applause sounded again.

Fifty Lan nodded with satisfaction. "What do you think, Mr. Hirata?"

The man stood up and said angrily, "Sir, if I don't go back now, the mission will be taken away!"

Fifty Lan's expression darkened. "Go, young man!"

The man bowed and ran out of the meeting room.

Fifty-Leaves looked toward the Hell Portal Master, the user of the game ID, Tsukumoto Shiro.

"Zhong Zuijun, tell me what you think."

The plane leader suddenly stood up. "Sir, we should use secret soldiers. That way, the entire world's Infernal race would be afraid of submitting."

Fifty-Lan frowned. "Do you mean to have Margaery take action?"

"That's right! The problem with the Infernals lies with the level 2 Corner Demon Overseer. This trash soldier is a burden to the whole race. Even so, the Infernals are still powerful, and we have a long-range soldier who can replace this trash, Mag. This is a leap in the quality of the Infernals, a testament to our leader in the Japanese area."

Fifty Lan looked around. "What do you think?"

Everyone shouted, "Make our country famous!"

Fifty Lan nodded. "Very good. But this is not only a subjugation of the Infernal Race, it's also a military force of other races. I'll report this to the chairman right away. Everyone, the meeting is over. Please prepare for battle!"

"Show off the might of the Japanese server!"

— Mag: Small Devil Creature. Attack: 3, Defense: 2-4, Health: 13, Attack Speed: 11, Movement Speed: 9, Command Value: 1. Skill: Throw Erupting Fireballs, Fire Control.

The Mitsubishi battle team discovered this new type of humanoid demon on a secret island in the Infernal Inferno. After the pro players worked hard day and night, they finally earned the island's reputation and could recruit new types of soldiers. Its special skill, Explosive Fireball, could deal damage, so it didn't deal 2-4 damage, but (2-4) * n! Once it accumulated enough soldiers, it would surpass the level 4 Banshee, or even the level 6 Abyss Overlord. Its addition would greatly improve the infernal army, making it a fully-deserving strategic force!

Now, as the national war approached, the Japanese server would appear before world players in a stunningly powerful manner.

(Requesting all sorts of votes!)

Please read the app.