Chapter 96: A City Award

— Forest Goddess: Small Spirit Creature. Attack: 9, Defense: 7, Damage: 6-9, Health: 35, Attack Speed: 11, Magic Power: 30, Command Value: 0. Special Skill: Flying Creature, Long-range Shooting, Advanced Healing, Advanced Cleansing, Elementary Phantom Legion.

Seeing the attributes of the Forest Goddess, Da Fei, who had recovered from the initial shock, suddenly realized that this soldier was extraordinary. It wasn't about her power, but the information she gave him.

First of all, there was no official information on these types of soldiers, which was the so-called hidden soldiers. Of course, in the game, hidden soldiers were invented by players in all sorts of ways. In short, since the system gave me the prize, it was mine.

Not to mention ordinary level 0 Flower Soldiers, special skills that couldn't be used meant he couldn't take them with him. He'd probably only be able to do missions in the Luminous Pool. But this Forest Goddess was different. She didn't have any special skills that couldn't be used, which meant she could follow him everywhere! She could be taken out of this mission scenario by him, which was a reward for an epic mission!

Most importantly, her Command Value requirement was 0!!! The Attribute of a Rank 4 Weapon was 0!!! What did this mean? It meant he could take as many as he had! Then, how much could he have? If he destroyed all the hundreds of bug nests in the Luminous Pool, he could get hundreds of them. Was this the reward for this Epic Mission? Nothing more? What if he died in the brutal war?

— System Message: Congratulations! The Flower Demon Camp has been fixed. There are 20 Flower Demons now. Do you want to recruit them?

— Novice Guide: Level 0 weapon building recruitment does not require gold coins.

The system information that followed made Da Fei even more clear-minded!

If I completed this epic quest, what would happen to these Level 0 soldiers? The system would never take back the soldiers given to players.

Then, the answer was obvious. This was probably the final reward for this Epic Mission. He would be rewarded with a city in the Luminous Pool! This was the only way he could free his troops after completing the mission!

Right! It had to be a city prize!

Epic quests! If I didn't win the City Award and Territory Award, would I deserve the title of Epic? So many things have happened in the past thousands of years, how many of them would be recorded in the Epic? Maybe the Surface World's land was controlled by the NPCs, but no one fought with me for it, right?

City! I'm going to have a city too! Da Fei was so excited!

What were players supposed to do now that they had a city? They just needed to build high walls and accumulate food!

What could this underground city do in isolation? Production, management, and trade weren't likely to work. The only use was building soldiers. The environment here determined the population, so there were no elven soldiers, no unicorns, or tree spirits. The only residents here were the flower demons, so this place could only create flower demons! If ordinary flower demons couldn't take them away, then this city's specialty would be recruiting this forest goddess!

That's right. Just like heroes had their strengths, cities had their own unique features too!

Cities built in mines had high-yield mineral characteristics. Cities built in rich lands had high-yield crops characteristics. Cities built in desolate areas often increased the output of soldiers or even hidden soldiers!

Once a City Lord player had a hidden army or invented a unique army, the most important thing to consider was to customize their own army composition. Soldiers were a big deal. After all, the advantages and disadvantages given by the system's main city were all seen by the Beta Gamers. For ordinary players, if they wanted to win, they had to make a comeback.

With the Forest Goddess and the Succubus Emperor, how could he deploy his own army?

These two types of soldiers were spellcasters, while the spellcasters were strategic soldiers. Strategy soldiers, of course, were the type of soldiers whose skills could control the battle. Typically, level 4 and 5 soldiers of various races were all strategic soldiers. Strategy soldiers were the backbone of the game. It could be said that the strength of a race depended on the quality of the strategy soldier. The lower the level of the strategy soldier, the stronger the race.

For example, there were no long-range attacks among the first three-level soldiers of the Infernal race. There were also useless soldiers like the Horned Devil Warlord among the level 2 soldiers. But the Infernal race was very powerful. Other than the Heroes' Class Skill, Hell Portal, which was a super powerful strategic skill, as a level 1 soldier, the Devil Boy Strategy Soldiers, which could steal mana, helped stabilize the foundation. It had to be said that the strategy of a level 1 soldier was indeed incredible!

On the contrary, the Undead strategy was for level 5 Liches. There was only one Lich strategy, which limited the Undead race's incredible power to a large extent. In the end, it was the level 2 Lich that held back the Undead, so many Undead players were trying to develop a level 2 Lich strategy during the Open Beta. It seemed like Markal was doing the same thing?

Similarly, the Undead were also facing a weakness in long-range attacks, just like the Infernals! Although Level 1 Armed Soldier-style Skeletal Archers were long-range, and there were many of them, the damage and accuracy were incredible. This limited the development of beginners.

Although the Undead had their weaknesses, they had a lot of them. Furthermore, the Undead Army had three flying types: ghosts, vampires, and spectral dragons. Their siege power made up for their weakness in strategy and long-range units.

What kind of race had no shortcomings? Elves, Mages, etc.

Take the elven army as an example. Not to mention the level 0 Flower Goblin, the level 1 Jungle Fighter was also a powerful long-range weapon. It was easy to start at level 2 and 3. Level 4 Druids and Level 5 Unicorn were all strategic weapons with both attack and defense. They had both long-range and strategy, and the Druids' basic attacks were long-range too! There was no need to mention level 6 and 7 powerful fighters. The only drawback was that the Flying Soldier only lacked the ultimate weapon, the Green Dragon, but this drawback was also covered by the powerful level 2, 3, and 4 long-range troops.

In short, the elven army had three long-range and two-target units, which showed their superiority in actual combat. During the open beta testing, many Overlord players developed their own unique units using the elven race as a textbook template.

As for the Mage school's military structure, it could only be described as fantasy. Level 1, 4, 7, were all long-range, level 2, and 5 were all flying types, and level 4, and level 5 were all strategic types, while level 2, and level 3 were all dual-resistance shields. Especially level 7, Soldier Titan, it was incredible!

Now, Da Fei's Forest Goddess and the Succubus Emperor were both long-range, flying, strategy, and small humanoid bodies. How could they be deployed?

What else could he do? He was over the top! His only weakness was his ability to survive!

Now, he didn't need to worry anymore. The 13 attribute points he had should be used to replenish his Defense. His next skill development would be to complete the Defense Skill. As for attacking, let his Ballista roar! Wahahaha!

Now, Da Fei's level 27 attributes were as follows:

Level: 27

Talent: pending.

Class: Pikeman, Beginner Voyager, Train the Newcomer

Strategy Attack: 20 (18 Strategy Attack, Captain's Sword at Sea + 2)

Strategy Defense: 14 (Captain's Sword at Sea + 2 Strategy Defense)

Personal Attack: 20 (Personal Attack = Strategy Attack)

Personal Defense: 44 (Pirate Shop received a full set of personal equipment plus 30 Defense points)

Mana: 0

Knowledge: 0

Basic Damage: 12-14 (Born 1-3, Sea Anemone Enchantment + 1, Lonely Hero Achievement + 1, Lonely Hero 10 Victories in a Row + 1, Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row + 1, Lv 5 System rewards for every level up, Lv 25 + 5, Captain's Sword on the Sea + 2. Captain's Sword + 2 Damage on the Sea affected the whole army.)

Health: 109 (Born 10, every level increase + 2, Lonely Hero Achievement + 10, Lonely Hero 10 Straight Wins + 15, Lonely Hero 100 Straight Wins + 20, Army Health + 2)

Attack Speed: Normal 12 (Captain's Sword at Sea + 1)

Movement Speed: 10

Morale: 3 (Heroes were born + 1, Lonely Hero 100 Victories in a Row + 1, Elementary Leadership Skill + 1)

Luck: 1 (Basic Luck Skill + 1)

Command Power: 162

Stamina: 100

Learning Skills: Master-level Study of the War Machines (sub-skill Ballista Master); God-level Reconnaissance Skill (sub-skill situation gathering, Stealth, Intelligence Analysis, Phantom March); Elementary Navigator (Class Skill: Storm Voyager); Elementary Luck Skill, Elementary Command Skill, Elementary Attack Skill, Elementary Defense Skill, Master-level Archery Skill, Elementary Logistics Skill.

[Treasure: C-rank treasure telescope, B-rank treasure, captain's sword, A-rank treasure, hourglass of misfortune]

He had one skill point left.

• • •

After allocating his attributes, Da Fei had one wish. Hahaha, laughing at the sky. Suddenly, Da Fei noticed something moving at the top of the tree root! A big red dot appeared on the radar map of the God-level Reconnaissance Skill. What was it? Da Fei was shocked!

(I haven't counted Da Fei's attributes in a while. This is based on Da Fei's Level 25 statistics. Did I miss anything? Please help me look for him when you have time. Also, after Da Fei defeats the Epic Hero Asmode, he should receive the achievement of "Victory in the Third Battle." He will be rewarded with 10 Command Power points. I want to add this. Starting a new week, ask for all kinds of votes!)

Please read the app.