Chapter 95: The World Tree'S Reinforcements: Forest Goddess

Shumilouco

As an expert, it was normal to accept difficult tasks, and of course, it was a pain in the ass. But it was abnormal to always receive a pain in the ass. Now, Deirdre's task requirements were quite different.

Why did I take on a 100 million yuan military renovation project? Come to think of it, wasn't it all because of you? Now, it looks like I made a killing, but you don't live in a good palace, you don't have a good life as a sugar daddy, and you want to risk your life to be a hero? Isn't this a pain in the ass?

Da Fei sighed. "If you don't know Stealth, how can I guarantee your safety?"

Deirdre said in a low voice, "The Hero's Trial is not a childcare center. Safety is never the top priority. What's more, is it safe to stay on the master's ship? My fate is tied to the master's success or failure. I know transformation. I'm familiar with demons. I can help the master in his rescue mission a lot!"

Da Fei was shocked! Wasn't this sense of crisis too strong?

How safe could my broken ship be? I took two Epic missions on a broken ship. It's not surprising. As a player, I don't care if I win or lose, but an NPC like her who only has one life is different. If I fail, she'll be dead!

He could understand how she felt. Everyone lived a life. Her plan made sense. The Succubus Emperor was stronger now, but the enemy had sounded the alarm, and the defense was stronger now. There seemed to be some kind of secret weapon in the Devil's Workshop. It would be hard to attack or sneak in, right?

There was nothing to say. He'd do it! If he succeeded, he could take her with him. If he failed, it didn't matter if he accepted the task or not. He'd do it.

— System Message: You have accepted the mission "The Road to Heroes."

Deirdre chuckled. "Thank you, Master! In order to cooperate with you on this mission, I decided to sneak in right away. Then, I can help you."

Da Fei suddenly remembered something. "I don't have enough manpower to lead you to war?"

Deirdre laughed. "Master, as the leader, why do we need to be led to war? Otherwise, our sisters would laugh at us."

She was right. As a leader, she had to be independent like the scouts. In the end, she was just excited by the new talents.

Da Fei nodded. "Great. Let's go now."

Deirdre shook her head. "Master, the enemy is on full alert right now. Any commotion could result in indiscriminate gunshots. For safety reasons, please move out later."

Da Fei was stunned. It seemed he had to wait? The two kids had just come back from the battle. They needed to rest. It would be rude if the commander wasn't there to fix the camp. He'd have to discuss the rescue with Katerina.

Da Fei had to nod. "Alright. You have to be careful."

Deirdre smiled. "Relax. I'm familiar with demons."

Da Fei saw Dierdre off to the deck. Seeing her fly into the sky and disappear, he felt really lost. Did he forget something?

Oh no! I forgot to put on my clothes! My darling, your white light is for me to see. How can I let other people see it? I can't! I can't! I have to transform into Granny Rong!

Da Fei sighed and shook his head with a bitter smile. At the end of the day, he was only this awesome because he had a Banshee. If it were other players who accepted this mission—what the heck, there was nothing else! Were other players as amazing as him to defeat an Epic Hero? And a Hero who could teleport! The consequences weren't something ordinary players could handle.

Come to think of it, he didn't think much of the A-rank treasure he dropped earlier. Now he could see.

— Misfortune's Hourglass: [A] Class Strategy Treasure], an auxiliary treasure equipment column. As the battle progressed, the enemy's Luck points would decrease, increasing the enemy's Luck points. When our Luck points were increased by 5 points by the treasure, and the enemy's Luck points were decreased by 5 points by the treasure, the treasure would decrease our Luck points, increasing the enemy's Luck points. This cycle continued.

Holy sh * t! A lucky seesaw? This treasure is really annoying!

However, this treasure could increase the luck gap by 10 points, directly crippling the enemy's Master-Level Luck Skill. That was terrifying! And it only took up an equipment bar for auxiliary treasures! As expected of an [A] class! If this was the case, he'd have to max out the Luck Skill, then equip some more to increase his luck. No, he'd have to equip some equipment to lower the enemy's luck, making the enemy receive the least amount of treasure!

The current treasure that lowered the enemy's luck was the [B] class treasure, the Curse Necklace, which directly lowered the enemy's luck − 2, the [C] class treasure, the Unlucky Cloak, lowered the enemy's luck − 1, the Unlucky Ring decreased the enemy's luck − 1, etc! By then, the enemy would be so unlucky that he'd vomit, and he'd be so happy! Wahahaha, what a treasure! What a treasure!

Wait! That couldn't be right. The rings and the cape necklaces were so valuable that they could help the army improve. How could they be equipped with unreliable treasures like luck enhancement? After all, only elves and demons were experts at luck enhancement.

Sigh, it was still a pain in the ass. Anyway, let's talk about it later. The first round was to lower the enemy forces, this was the advantage!

Soon, SV Fly returned to the place where it won the first battle, the dilapidated Flower Demon Camp.

"I'm out of the cabin. I feel great. Please don't worry, hero!" The flower demon instructor eagerly led the group of flower demons, who hadn't had a good rest, to the barracks treehouse on the tree. They surrounded the barracks and started casting spells!

For a moment, the light was as bright as the galaxy. It was like an ancient tree resting together, right? So this was how it was fixed!

In order to be on the safe side, Da Fei lined up all the Forest Hunters on the deck again. If there was another bug attack, he'd fight to the end! He didn't believe that with the hourglass of misfortune in hand, he'd be able to kill all of you in the first round!

As the spell was cast, green light rose from the camp, and flowers bloomed around the camp. The dilapidated wooden house had cracks, giving it a new green color. At the same time, a refreshing fragrance blew down from the sky!

Katerina said in surprise, "There's finally wind!"

The Flower Goblin instructor answered from afar, "It's the ancient wind of the World Tree. It can cleanse the filth left by the demonic bugs. It can also release healing spells, Cleansing spells, and lightning spells in the wind. As long as the hero destroys more nests, the World Tree will recover faster. Soon, the World Tree will send a Forest Goddess to help the hero! Every camp will only send a Forest Goddess."

Forest Goddess? While he was still in shock, the camp flashed with golden light!

— Mission Hint: You have successfully fixed a Flower Demon Camp and won a Forest Goddess.

A golden Flower Goblin holding a green staff and covered in golden butterfly lights flew out of the camp! Da Fei's eyelids twitched. Other Flower Goblins were green, but this golden one was definitely extraordinary!

— System Message: The Forest Goddess has joined your army!

Da Fei quickly checked the attributes in the army panel.

— Forest Goddess: Small Spirit Creature. Attack: 9, Defense: 7, Damage: 6-9, Health: 35, Attack Speed: 11, Magic Power: 30, Command Value: 0. Skills: Flying Creature, Long-range Shooting, Healing, Purification, Illusionary Legion.

Da Fei's jaw dropped! This was a Level 4 soldier, right? More importantly, this was a long-range soldier who knew how to fly, right? So this was the reward for conquering the bug nest! This meant he could get more than 100 soldiers after clearing out the area? The more soldiers there were, the easier it would be? So this was it!

(There have been a lot of wedding banquets, banquets, and socializing these past three days. I finally couldn't take it anymore last night. I'm sorry everyone, please let me take a break.)

C

"Yes."