Chapter 90: Growth In Battle

The entire watchtower became even busier. The cursing and yelling reached Da Fei, who was in the puddle.

"Idiot! Who did this? How could you lose your attitude?"

— 'You good-for-nothings, clean up all the trash within 2 minutes, or you will become one of them!'

With one hit, Da Fei didn't dare to act rashly anymore. He immediately ordered the two Succubus Emperors to fly high into the air and hide.

When the Succubus Emperor flew over the top of the tower where the Flower Goblin was imprisoned, Da Fei suddenly saw a huge golden exclamation mark. An exclamation mark appeared above the caged Flower Goblin's head! Mission!

It was true! Just like when he met the captain at the bottom of the shipwreck, players could only see the mission notification for the exclamation mark when they were at the scene. Neither reconnaissance nor photo-taking worked.

Needless to say, the task was to save the flower demons. Now, with the watchtower out of action, the magic circle holding the flower demons captive was also fading.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. Should he save them? What if they recovered the Magic Tower before the warship arrived? What if his warship toppled the Magic Tower and killed these Flower Goblins? There were only four Corner Demon Warlords on the tower, as well as dozens of Level 0 soldiers, Demonic Neonate. They were all weaklings!

To be precise, these people couldn't be called troops, they were just workers doing odd jobs. In fact, under normal circumstances, the players wouldn't receive this mission with a flying soldier like him, right? Normal players wouldn't be as smart as him, dodging all the surveillance and sneaking into the tower to destroy the watchtower, right? This meant he was doing something extraordinary! If he didn't save them now, when?

Da Fei began to quickly calculate the battle power between the two sides.

— Horned Demon Overseer: Attack 2, Defense 3, Health 13, Damage 1-3, Attack Speed 8, Movement Speed 5, Special Skill: Scaring, Enrage.

This was a level 2 regular army of the Infernal Race. It was described as a low-level version of the elite level 2 soldier, Howling and Jumping Demon, and was considered a level 1 soldier among level 2 soldiers. The only advantage of this kind of army was its high HP and high production. Of course, compared to zombies with 17 HP at the same level, its two advantages were once again overshadowed.

— Demonic Neonate: Attack: 0, Defense: 0, Health: 2, Damage: 0-1, Attack Speed: 6, Movement Speed: 6, Special Skill: Worker, Magic Power Gathering, Unable to Go on a Battle.

This was a farmer from the Infernal race. He died just by touching him. His fighting power was ignored.

The succubus's attributes were: Attack: 2, Defense: 0, Damage: 2-3, Health: 5, Attack Speed: 8. Under his leadership, its attributes were:

Attack: 21, Defense: 1, Damage: 3-4, Health: 7, Attack Speed: 9, Morale: 3, Luck: 1

(Note: Da Fei is Level 26, has 18 Strategy Attack, has 5 attribute points as a Voyager, and has leveled up to 7 attribute points. A total of 12 attribute points have been debating whether to increase defense or not. Captain's Sword on the Coast, All Army Attack + 1, 100 consecutive wins, All Army Health + 2.)

If the Overseer's 3 Defense offset the Succubus Emperor's 3 Attacks, it would be 18 Attacks. Each Attack would increase the damage by 5%, which would be 90%, and the 3-4 Damage would be 57-76. In addition, the Basic Attack Skill he learned as an Omnipotent Voyager would increase by 10%, which would be 62-83. The Overseer would gain 13 HP. With the two Banshee's help, he could kill one with one shot!

F*ck! As long as he succeeded, he'd immediately take these Flower Goblins. Even if he failed, he'd just call for two Little Succubus Emperors to fly! Skillful use of flying skills was a sign of an expert, and he was an expert.

Da Fei directed the two Succubus Emperors to quietly descend near the cage holding the Quest Flower Goblin. It was then that he saw her name: Flower Goblin Instructor!

So it was like this! They had a camp, and they had an instructor. This task was to rescue them and bring them back to the camp, then fix the camp and make it big!

He kept getting closer!

The Flower Goblin instructor spoke. "You must be sent by the hero to save me. Hero, please save us! Our sisters are enslaved by the demons, constantly providing the demons with power to weaken the barrier of the World Tree. We can't let the demons succeed!"

— System Message: You have received an Epic Mission, "Pond of Cleansing Light," [Save the Slaved Flower Goblin]!

— Mission tips: The more Flower Goblins you save, the better it will be for the completion of the Cleansing Lake of Light. Current number of Flower Goblins saved: 0.

As expected! The game developer was easily seen through by him, and the Flower Goblin's words alarmed the four inspectors.

— System Message: Your Phantom Army has been exposed. Battle begins!

Fight!

The two Succubus Emperors waved their hands, and two magic bullets whizzed out.

— System Message: Your troops have killed a Horned Devil Warlord. You received 11 experience points. Your underage succubus has grown!

Growth? Da Fei's eyelids twitched. Minors really grew fast on the battlefield? Without thinking, the two Succubus Emperors killed another Overseer with one shot. The other two Overseers roared, and the dozens of Demonic Neonates jumped into the fight.

Pfft! Flying + long-range weapons. It was easy to deal with these weaklings, who only had a speed of 5!

After the two Little Succubus Emperors killed the third Horned Devil Queen, Da Fei controlled them to fly into the sky. They flew over the enemy's head to the other side of the tower. Then, he instakilled the two pitiful baby demons with 2 HP. They were all children. There was nothing to complain about. You could only blame yourselves for losing from the start.

— System Message: Your troops killed a Demonic Neonate. You received 1 experience point. Your underage Succubus Emperor has grown!

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped again. He was sure. If they killed more enemies, they could grow up quickly! How far would they grow if they killed all these demonic babies? How many of them would they need to kill to reach adulthood? If they reached the predicted level 7 army by adulthood, wouldn't this infiltration be like the legendary Allies Dying Squad? The legendary 007? If so, they wouldn't need to start a war of attrition, right?

Da Fei's mind raced, but he didn't stop attacking. He flew back and forth, killing all of the demonic babies in just two or three moves. Wahahaha! Useful. This special forces soldier was really useful! There weren't any long-range soldiers who knew how to fly in the game. This was incredible!

— System Message: Battle is over. Your troops have entered the Phantom Marching Form again.

— System Message: Your Succubus Emperor troops used War Plunder to find 17 mana-infused Magic Potions on Demonic Neonate's body.

— System Message: Your Succubus Emperor troops used War Plunder to find 28 points of mana-infused Magic Potion on Demonic Neonate's body.

— System Message: Your Succubus Emperor troops used War Plunder skill to gain 19 mana points from the Demonic Neonate's Magic Potion.

— System Message: Your Succubus Emperor troops used War Plunder to gain 21 points of mana from the Demonic Neonate's Magic Potion.

Wahaha! This War Plunder really came in handy! War Plunder could only steal one item, but the Elixir of Magic could concentrate the mana in other bottles.

Come to think of it, because the Infernal Race had a level 0 soldier, Demonic Neonate, that collected Mana Skills, their biggest advantage was that they never lacked Mana. Too bad before players had castles and Demonic Neonate, Mana was still a problem. The level 1 soldier, Demonic Neonate, was a slightly older Demonic Neonate, a cute red demon with a pair of chubby wings. Its special skill was stealing Mana. As long as the enemy hero or magical soldier cast spells, they could steal the enemy's Mana to replenish their own hero or spellcaster unit. It was a true strategic unit among level 1 soldiers, an existence that made the other level 2 soldier, the Horn Devil, feel ashamed. Of course, it was also the most valued unit by the enemy commander during battle.

Da Fei let the two girls happily search the bodies while he eagerly checked the attributes of the Succubus Emperor.

— Growth Charm Emperor: Attack 4, Defense 1, Damage 3-4, Health 8, Attack Speed 8…

Wahahaha! His name had changed to "Growth" of the Succubus Emperor, with an addition of 2 Attack, 1 Defense, 1 Damage, and 3 HP. This was at the level of a Level 1 soldier, and the damage was almost at the level of a Level 3 soldier! So the way to grow was to constantly kill enemies!

At this moment, the binding array on the roof disappeared. All the flower demons were freed!

— Mission tips: You have saved 105 Flower Demons! 105 Flower Demons will join your team and listen to your orders!

— Mission tips: The Flower Goblin is very weak, close combat is not recommended.

— System Message: Your Flower Goblin troops have entered the Phantom Marching Form.

Oh yeah! He was saved. Good things came in pairs!

At this moment, the Flower Goblin instructor in the cage shouted, "Hero, run into the barrier with the girls. Don't worry about me!"

Oh my god! There's a guy locked in a cage! Does he need a key? Usually, he'd attack from under the watchtower and kill the leader with the key, right? What the heck, without an instructor, how am I going to restore the camp? I have to save this instructor!

At this moment, another shout came from downstairs. "You idiots! Go check out the roof. If a slave runs away, I'll feed your heads to the three-headed dog!"

Da Fei was shocked. Someone was coming! It was an NPC Mage Apprentice. Its combat power couldn't be measured by the numbers of regular soldiers. Should he fight or retreat?

Da Fei immediately checked the attributes of the Flower Goblins. These Flower Goblins, who had just been freed from torture, only had an average of 2,3 points of mana. They couldn't even use a single Wasp Disturbance spell. Fight? Run!

Wait! Didn't the demoness find a lot of mana bottles on these demonic babies? How much was it? 300 points! Using all of them would allow each flower demon to cast a spell!

Wahahaha! Normal players wouldn't be able to replenish the Flower Goblin's mana without War Plunder, they could only escape. But I'm not normal! I want to fight! I have more than 100 Flower Goblins. If I use one spell each, I can take down an apprentice! If I can't, I can always retreat!

[1. https: / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / Art _ of _ Destruction]

"Happy holiday, everyone!"