Chapter 100: The Scroll That Touched The Big Boss Of The Guild

There were three major online game guilds in China: Stars, Dragonslaying, and Ninth Heaven. These three guilds all had their own websites and company bases. The hundreds of thousands of players registered under their banner covered all of the currently popular games on the market. Players who played well and earned money for their guilds could receive some form of subsidy. It wasn't very high, but it was always nice to earn some money playing games.

Normal players could log onto their websites to register their names in the game. If they approved, they could become ordinary members. If they became members, they could enter a chat group or forum. The group owner or moderator would be the group leader.

How could the members earn more for the guild? It was easy. If there were any large-scale activities in the game, the team leader would make an announcement in the chat group. The members who showed up on the day of the event would sign on, and the team leader would give the order in the game to charge! That would do. Maybe the members didn't know what they were doing, but if they listened to the team leader, they'd get points.

Points could increase a member's level. Points were common in any game with a guild. That was to say, if a member didn't want to play one game and played another game, they could also gain points to increase their member level.

The top of membership was the legendary high-income professional gamers. This was the dream of all internet cafe kids. The top of professional gamers was the president of a giant guild! In the eyes of internet cafe kids, they were like the king of online games. They could call the wind and summon the rain in various games. With just one word, they could start thousands of Member City Warring States Battle to PK each other!

Players' guilds' offline management style meant that any game had to be adapted to their management. All games had to have good and intuitive players' sign-up functions, which counted players' contributions. If a game couldn't be done, there wouldn't be a guild, and the game would be eliminated by the market.

The management model of giant Chinese guilds was also promoted to the whole world. Even a world-class online game like "Hero Genesis" had to submit to giant guilds. This was the power of giant guilds!

Now, the presidents of the three biggest Chinese guilds were all shocked by a nameless post on the forum!

That's right, it was Da Fei's post. This post created a huge commotion in just a few minutes, covering thousands of floors!

While many players didn't know what the Heroes' Heritage was, they knew now! All players knew what this Heroes' Heroes meant. It meant that an ordinary Orc Hero became a Godly Hero, and an Orc Hero became a Godly Hero!

Many players posted about the arrival of the orc era! Why did they say this? Of course, it was because the orcs weren't popular all over the world, and no major guilds attacked them. It wasn't that the orcs were weak, but the orcs were powerful. It was just that the orcs were too small, so the orc heroes could only use the Orc armies to unleash the power of Race Skill, Blood Rage, and Anti-Magic. They weren't like the knights, priests, or heroes of the human race, who could bring soldiers from any race. When the war reached the most crucial and deficient time, the knights could bring a mixed army of many races to fight. They were also powerful, and often had unexpected effects with the combination of many races. The orc heroes couldn't do the same. They were just a buff for attack and defense.

For the presidents of the Three Great Guilds, this wasn't as easy as training a God-level hero. This could affect the future of the guild and the structure of the China server!

The Guild of Stars focused on the elves, even though they had an internationally-renowned Griffin Breeder, the hero, Pigwidgeon, to run. Of course, this was called a two-way strategy, which was the main force of the guild to develop the elves, making up for the lack of soldiers among the elves. Then, Pigwidgeon Run would be able to open up a new world for the humans.

The Ninth Heaven focused on attacking humans. Humans were known for their equilibrium. They didn't have obvious strengths, but they also didn't have fatal weaknesses. It was this kind of stable race that made it to the end of the war. Of course, humans were the race with the most easy targets, so the Ninth Heaven had a lot of human resources.

The Dragon Slayer was the main target of the Undead. Undead creatures were terrifying, with mountains of corpses and seas of bones. The entire server crashed. For the Undead race, they never had to worry about how to allocate more players to the city. They just needed to turn into Undead creatures.

Speaking of the Three Great Guilds, Ma Yinglong was really scared at first. If the two Guilds of Light teamed up, the Dragon Slayer Guild wouldn't have it easy. At least the players wouldn't have confidence in the Dark Alliance. If they all joined the Light Alliance, the Dragon Slayer Guild would be in a worse situation. So, Ma Yinglong immediately sent out a bunch of hardcore gunners to create a rift between the two guilds. Then, he found outside help and started a partnership with the Japanese.

The two guilds, Starry Sky and Heaven, were indeed holding each other back, just as Ma Yinglong had predicted. Ma Yinglong was more or less relieved. However, sowing discord or finding outside help wasn't a long-term strategy. He had to be strong.

The 9th Heaven of the Stars was obviously a powerful enemy in the face of this new orc legacy.

Ma Yinglong from the Dragon Slayer Guild, on the other hand, couldn't breathe! He stared at the photo for a few minutes! Wasn't this the opportunity he was looking for?

Starry Sky and Ninth Heaven were both Guild of Light, so the Dragon Slaying Guild took up the banner of the Dark Alliance in the China server. The orcs were undoubtedly the "territory" of the Dragon Slaying Guild. As long as they got this orc legacy and cultivated a world-renowned orc hero, the Dragon Slaying Guild would truly unite the Dark Alliance! Only then would most of the orc players in the China server be effective. Under the leadership of the Dragon Slaying Guild, they could suppress the seemingly united and divided Starry Sky and Ninth Heaven; they could represent the image of the China server.

Ma Yinglong made up his mind. "Find someone to contact this seller and buy this scroll!"

Chang Liang, the assistant, was surprised. "But Stars and the Ninth Heaven will make trouble and raise prices, right?"

Ma Yinglong shook his head. "We'll just follow his lead. If we win, we'll be the dominators of the China server! These two guilds can't compete with us. Only a unified guild can represent the China server and be recognized by the international community. This kind of profit can't be compared with money."

Chang Liang said in shock, "But, this…"

Ma Yinglong chuckled. "It's okay. If they really think too highly of us, we can give up and make them feel disgusted. The Guild of Light won't be of much use with this account anyway. Not only will it feel uncomfortable buying it, but we'll also have to divert our energy and capital to develop the Orc faction. By then, we'll beat up their Orcs until they can't even lift their heads. Right, this is our strategy. We can make it clear that whoever buys this scroll, we'll beat up their account and make them afraid."

Chang Liang smiled bitterly. "They must have found an account to develop after buying the scrolls. How do we know which account they use?"

Ma Yinglong laughed. "Gold will shine, not to mention a blood-sucking gold. Even if they secretly went into seclusion to level up and disappeared, they'd come out one day, right? When he came out of seclusion, he must have thought his power was growing so hard that we couldn't touch him, right? Great! Those who knew how to drown would talk back. We're biting on the power he worked so hard to develop. If the players of the Dark Alliance fought in the civil war, the Guild of Light could only watch from outside the country! I want them to fall as hard as they can!"

Chang Liang was enlightened. "This is called fattening!"

Ma Yinglong laughed. "No one can take what the Dragon Slayer Guild wants!"

Chang Liang laughed. "Boss, you're so cool! Even if we can't have it, no one else can!"

• • •

At the same time, the president of the Stars Guild, Eternal Star, was chatting with the president of Ninth Heaven, God Emperor.

"Boss Long, do you think Ma Bro's eyes went crazy seeing this scroll?"

"I'm worried too. If he got this scroll, it'd be the rise of the orcs, and you and my brothers would have a hard time."

"Boss Long, what do you think we should do? I'm telling you, I don't want to buy this stupid thing."

"Of course! The reporters who contacted the Hero News! Creating hype! Saying this scroll is worth tens of millions! I'm talking about USD! Make sure the seller doesn't want to sell it!"

"It looks like this is the only way. It'd be best if the idiot who sold the scrolls really thought it was worth tens of millions and put it in his hands!"

(Please vote for all sorts of things! The vat also knows about the attribute settings and the content, but writing online games is just annoying. If you wrote online games, the reader wouldn't like it, but if you didn't, it wouldn't be like online games. Anyway, now is a free chapter, try to play the settings.)

It was the latest, fastest, and most popular serialized work!