Chapter 203: The Realm Beyond God-Grade Skills

Da Fei's friends list only consisted of five people: Thunder Fire Dragon, Dragon Scale, Bu Feiyan, Invincible Armament Soldier, Invincible Vigorous. 78xxxs.

No matter how high the mountain is, as long as there are immortals and spirits, there are not many friends, as long as there are experts! Although I don't have many good friends, there are indeed three of the best people in the China region, and one of them is a goddess. This is the level, this is the network. This rattling message was naturally sent by four of them.

Ma Yinglong smiled and said, "Brother Fei is really unbelievable! He must have dropped a God Tool, right? If he wants to sell it, we can discuss the price!"

Wahahaha, so direct! As expected of the guild leader, he didn't say anything unnecessary! God-grade equipment! God-grade equipment must be dropped! Although I don't know what use this Sea Soul Battle Armor has for absorbing souls, I just don't know what use it has. That's why I can't negotiate the price so easily.

Da Fei laughed and said, "President Ma, you must be joking. I'm just following an NPC to complete a quest. If there's anything good, I'll definitely look for you immediately!"

President Ma smiled. "I'm relieved to hear that!"

It's a God-grade weapon! I can't run away with my wealth! Can a mere Dragon Slayer afford it? Wahahaha! As for the congratulatory messages from the remaining three people and the exploding guild channel, I'll just casually pretend to be cool. Today, I'm destined to be on the headlines of the world news! I'll make a name for myself and bring glory to the country! Haha!

• • •

Following the fall of the sea demon, a vast expanse of sunlight seemed to be raining down from the sky, illuminating the entire world of death. The scenery changed, and the sea breeze was calm, blue, and red.

I'm back! I've finally returned to the Surface World!

A long horn sounded from afar. It was Spielberg! Oh yeah! My team is still here! These guys have been waiting for me!

At this moment, the Radiance Wings was corroded by the venomous flames of lightning. The upper layer of the ship was completely flattened, and two of the main masts were broken. It was no different from a flat cargo ship.

Da Fei hurriedly leaned over to check. At this moment, Katerina was instructing the sailors to wash and change the canvas. Serbia was reviving the crew to dispel the poisonous fog.

Cortner quickly went up the escalator to welcome him and said excitedly, "Captain, you are really unbelievable! You are indeed the hero of Arlorine. No, even in the entire Elven Kingdom, there is no other hero as great as Captain in the entire alliance! It's my life's honor to follow you out to sea!"

I've heard this many times, but I can never get tired of it! Wahahaha!

Da Fei smiled and said, "After this intense battle, have you learned anything about Voyager?" Please don't tell me that you haven't learned anything after defeating such a big God-grade Boss!

Little Cortner bowed and said, "Thanks to Mr. Renoir's teachings and the Captain's practical guidance, I think I know a lot."

At this moment, the Raynoa broadcast on the Radiance Wings sounded again. "You performed very well. I think you are already a qualified navigator. I believe that my old friend, Old Cortner, will also approve of your current performance. What you need to do in the future is to start from the bottom and understand the thoughts of the lowest-level sailors. Only then can you become the best navigator step by step!"

Little Cortner was overjoyed. "Thank you for your recognition, Mr. Renoir. I will work with the sailors immediately!"

— System Message: You have completed the mission "Training Trainee Voyager Little Cortner"! After returning to Erolyn, find Cortner to receive the reward.

Oh yeah! The f*cking mission was finally completed! All he had to do now was to ensure his safety during the journey!

Little Cortner took out a golden book and passed it to Da Fei. "Captain, this is a small token of my appreciation. Please accept it!"

— System Message: You received the [Poetry Art] Skill Book from Little Cortner.

— Poetry Art: Can be used to sing. The instrument can produce a battle song that can boost one's fighting spirit. The higher the skill level, the better the instrument, the better the effect of the skill. Sub-skill: Singing Proficiency, Flute Proficiency, Guitar Proficiency, Harpy Proficiency, Piano Proficiency.

Wahaha! I really gave it to him! This is the legendary Bards' skill! Does that mean I have to make a high-end and classy divine piano? Da Fei laughed and said, "Thank you, thank you. I will definitely use it well."

Little Cortner bowed and said, "I personally think that Miss Serbia is very talented in this aspect. If she were to learn it, it's very likely that she will develop this skill and even upgrade it to the legendary Hero occupation, Bards!"

Da Fei was stunned. "Skill upgraded to a job?"

Little Cortner sighed and said, "In the long river of history, many hero occupations will be lost for various reasons. They will be demoted to ordinary skills. Similar skills can be upgraded to occupations again, but demotion is easy and difficult to level up. Those who are not highly intelligent cannot be qualified. I believe that Captain has the potential. Alright, excuse me, I'm going to work!"

So that's how it is! This is the same idea as when I first started working as a Voyager. Voyager is the upgraded form of Nautical Skills, while Cannon Master is the upgraded form of War Machine. Then, the Bards are naturally the high-level form of Wing Skills.

In other words, Serbia could also get a part-time job! That's right, isn't her talent the Holy Song of the Sea? She's obviously good at singing!

Then, how could he upgrade his skill to a vocation? Wouldn't the skill end once it reached God-grade? Could it be that the end of God-grade skills was a new vocation?

Holy f*ck! He had surpassed the God-grade realm! If that was the case, only those with great wisdom were qualified!

At this moment, Renoir spoke again. "Friend, in the battle just now, our alliance has endured the test. I can entrust my life to you."

Da Fei couldn't help but feel happy. Could it be that he was selling himself? Of course! You have to repay my future with friendship!

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Captain, please speak!"

Renoir said in a deep voice, "I absorbed the energy of the sea demon just now. His energy has a certain divine name. It's not something that I can understand now. I need a long time to convert it, so I need to sleep again. In the future, I'll be an ordinary ship. I hope that you can take good care of my ship. You can take it to a merchant or modify it. In short, don't sink it, and don't let those fanatical members of the Church of Light discover my true body."

Wahahaha! This is what I was waiting for! Da Fei hurriedly said, "Captain, don't worry. The ship you gave me in the past was so broken and nothing happened to it. Nothing will happen to you!"

Renoir said happily, "Then, I wish you a safe journey. I'm going to sleep!"

— System Message: Renoir has applied to join your Sea Merchant Association.

— System Message: When the Player Chamber of Commerce’s president has a very high reputation, or is very friendly with NPCs, NPCs can also join the Player Chamber of Commerce. NPCs do not take up the Player Chamber of Commerce’s player slot.

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! Impressive! I'm really impressive! Without a ship certificate, there's a way to open someone else's ship, and that is to ship it into the Chamber of Commerce. Just like the passenger car company, whoever the president appoints as the captain can drive it.

In this situation, of course, I'm going to open it! I have another big ship! Looking at the additional Radiance Wings in the Chamber of Commerce's assets, Da Fei laughed heartily!

Now, Spielberg had returned to the fleet, and the new sails of the Wings of Light had been changed. The fleet set sail again!