Chapter 202: The Number One Person In The World Who Killed Demigods

() Now, Da Fei's ship, which was in stealth mode, was displayed in front of the sea monster. The sea monster's gaze was attracted by Wings of Light, which was circling to the other side. It was staring at Da Fei as it chased after him. As expected, it completely ignored Da Fei's existence. Perhaps it subconsciously thought that Da Fei was also running with the ship?

In short, the opportunity to reverse the situation was right in front of him! However, this opportunity was extremely precious. He had to succeed in one strike!

I've decided. Let's fight at the front!

The huge body of the Radiance Wings was blocked by the pile of bones on the altar and couldn't get any closer. Therefore, it had no choice but to unleash an external bombardment at its limit. Its power had already been halved. However, Da Fei's middle ship was different. The middle ship could completely pass through the water between the two piles of bones and close in on him!

At this moment, the siren had already turned around and was completely attracted by the Radiance Wings. Even if Da Fei did not use Stealth Move, he would not be able to see it! There was no time to lose!

Da Fei drove towards the Sea Demon Altar in ecstasy, excitement, nervousness, and fear!

Closer! He had entered the White Bone Altar! Closer, closer! Quietly enter the village, no more shooting! This feeling was so stimulating. It was like being close to a sleeping lion. Da Fei's heart was beating wildly, and he broke out in cold sweat!

Suddenly, the red light on Da Fei's screen exploded!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill alert! There is a powerful enemy nearby, enter the enemy's range!

Wow!!! Da Fei was so shocked that his heart almost jumped out of his chest!

Holy f*ck! Calm down! Calm down!! It's not like I've never encountered such a situation before. When I snuck into the Demon Workshop and assembled the ballista behind the supervisors, didn't I constantly explode with red light to scare me? As long as its eyes didn't turn around, I'll be fine! Hold on! I must hold on!!!

Da Fei gritted his teeth and stared. Cold sweat poured down his face like rain, and his hands and feet trembled! Da Fei had never thought that a mere game, a mere Boss, could actually make him so terrified and lose his composure! That's right. It was like playing stocks. The amplitude of the trends made the stockholders jump in fear every minute. When the game was no longer a game and the numbers were no longer numbers, people with interests at stake could not remain indifferent no matter what.

He was close! He had entered the full range! This was the spot! Da Fei was so nervous that he could not wait to fire!

— Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! The bone residue from another round of Wings of Radiance suddenly reminded Da Fei!

Don't move! The sea demons have Magical Bone Shield protecting them! Can my attack break through this bone shield?

Da Fei gritted his teeth. Wait! Wait for the best opportunity!

What was the best timing? Of course, it was the Misfortune Hourglass that improved his luck to + 5, plus his Master-level Luck Skill, + 10 Luck critical hit, + 20%, and two special ballistae equipped with binoculars, six consecutive shots, wouldn't that cause this monster's head to explode! The power of his Grandmaster Ballista was more than five times that of an ordinary Sailor Gunner!

In the end, luck was unreliable. It was still the same scene where he faced the supervisory boss from the back at the construction site. Back then, if his back faced the boss for a long time, wouldn't the boss expose its weakness and be caught by his "intelligence analysis"? That's right, this was the opportunity that he hoped for the most! If the previous success was just a coincidence, then the success this time was experience!

Waiting! Every second felt as long as a minute!

According to legend, the zoo in Thailand had a very exciting project. The crocodile breeder opened the crocodile's mouth and invited tourists to stick their heads in. The longer they stayed in the zoo, the more rewards they would receive! Many tourists were ashen-faced and did not dare to try. It was not easy for a bold tourist to stick his head in, but he would at most stay for one or two seconds before retreating in fear. Now, Da Fei could probably understand how it felt to stay in the crocodile's mouth for one or two seconds!

The red light from the system kept exploding in front of Da Fei's eyes. The poisonous smoke of the Wings of Light was burning fiercely. His upper level building was almost flattened!

Wait! The System did not give any hint of a breakdown. He could still hold on! Da Fei was so nervous that he was numb!

At this moment, under the adjustment of the hourglass of misfortune, Da Fei's Luck points jumped to 10! The highest point!

And at this moment, perhaps Da Fei's high luck finally worked. The rainbow light of Radiance Wings rose from the thick smoke!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Another round of crossbow bolts shot out at the same time. This round of crossbow bolts, blessed by luck, whistled as they charged towards the sea monster.

The siren laughed wildly. "You won't stand a chance!"

The sea demon's body shook violently. A wave of water surged into the sky in front of it, forming a huge water screen that blocked the incoming crossbow bolts!

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock. This guy had such a unique skill! At the same time—

— System Message: Your enemy has relaxed his guard. Your "Intelligence Analysis Skill" has discovered the enemy's weakness. Now, your attack will ignore the enemy's Defense by 25% to 50%.

It finally appeared! Did he reveal his weakness by ignoring his head and buttocks? It was as if he was welcoming the glimmer of victory in the eternal darkness. The long-awaited Da Fei suddenly waved his hand in an indescribable mood!

A rainbow light rose from the gun cabin!

— Boom, boom, boom, boom! Amidst the slight vibration of the ship, under Da Fei's Inferno Gaze, two crossbows flew towards the back of the sea monster's head!

— Boom! Boom!! Bone fragments flew everywhere! Da Fei's eyelids jumped! At the same time, the sea monster turned around in shock!

The second row of crossbow bolts followed closely behind!

— Boom! Boom! Amidst the screams, bone fragments and flesh flew! The shield was broken!

The third row of arrows! Da Fei could no longer hold back his excitement. He clenched his fists and roared!

— Boom! Boom! Blood bloomed! Headshot successful! Oh yeah!! Da Fei jumped in joy!

“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

It was at this moment that Alicia, who had been prepared for a long time, slapped the beehive. The dense swarm of bees roared and charged towards the five roaring heads of the sea demons! Another chorus! The swarm of bees was blinded! Did it succeed?

There was no time to look at the system notification. The final battle had begun! Da Fei's ship moved away at full speed!

"Mortal!!! Go to hell!” The head of the sea demon roared furiously. Its three heads began to spurt out violently. It had indeed been blinded! Good! Blind was good! This was its last chance. It had to take it down before the sea demon regained its vision!

— Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Boom! A white light flashed in front of Da Fei's eyes. A bolt of lightning struck down and hit the ship, causing a sky full of wooden slag -11200!! What the f*ck! Is he blind or not?! He can still take two hits. Let's go!

The second shot of the Ballista was completed!

As the ice bullets brushed past the ship, amidst the violent waves and the poisonous fog, Da Fei aimed at the howling dog head!

Brother, the power of one shot is equivalent to five shots from an ordinary gunner! I have three consecutive shots from a Grandmaster-level dual cannon and thirty shots from an ordinary gunner! Come on, eat it all!

Blood gushed out like a fountain, and the roars that resounded through the sky and sea stopped abruptly!

* Rumble! * The gigantic body of the sea demon collapsed with a loud bang, causing a torrential wave! At the same time, a large amount of golden smoke surged out from the body of the sea demon and flew into the damaged Radiance Wing.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have killed Sea General Skira's avatar and obtained a glorious victory. You have received 5,000,000 EXP! You have obtained the spoils of war: Divine Artifact Sea Soul Battle Staff, [S] class treasure: Six-Headed Sea Demon Ship's Head Statue.

— Sea Soul Battle Armor: Divine weapon, + 20 Mana, + 20 Knowledge, can absorb the souls of intelligent creatures that died in battle at sea. Equip the main weapon slot.

— Six-Headed Sea Demon Ship Head Statue: [S] class treasure. Equipped at the bow of a large ship, it can effectively intimidate sea monsters and cause them to feel fear.

— System Message: You have killed a Demigod-level expert and obtained God Slayer. Personal Health + 50, Command Power + 50, Army Damage + 1, Army Health + 1, Army Morale + 1.

— System Message: You have obtained the achievement of "Battle of the 12th Battle Victory". Additional reward: Command Power + 10. You have obtained the achievement of "Battle of the 6th Brilliant Battle Victory". Additional reward: Command Power + 20. Hero Health + 20.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have become the world's first player to kill a Demigod. May I ask if the world will announce it? Once it is announced, your world reputation will increase by 10,000. You will enter the Hall of Fame!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have reached Level 32!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Katerina, has leveled up to Level 32.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has leveled up to Level 32…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has leveled up to Level 23.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has leveled up to Level 24.

• • •

A long row of messages appeared. Da Fei laughed wildly! Demigod! So this guy was a Demigod!

It was worth it! It was worth it! Compared to this victory, the achievement of stepping on the Devil's Kindergarten that he was so proud of was nothing!

Should I announce it? Of course I'll announce it! I have to make up for the regret that I didn't announce when I advanced to the God-grade Reconnaissance Skill last time! Hall of Fame! I'll bring glory to the country! I'll give you my support! I can't make a mistake this time, wahahaha!

• • •

— China server World Announcement: Warm congratulations! Chinese server player Da Fei is the first to kill a Demigod-level expert and enter Hero Genesis Hall of Fame!

— World Announcement: Congratulations! Chinese server player Da Fei…

In that instant, Da Fei's Chamber of Commerce channel exploded! All the players in the China server and the World Area exploded!

Then, Da Fei's friend messages rang out! Da Fei did not have many friends, but he could guess which few were there! Haha! Wahahaha! This was the effect he wanted! He wanted to watch, he wanted to clap, he wanted to see rich people spam the screen!