Chapter 204: Who Is The Master Of Europe?

Da Fei's prediction was right. Today, Da Fei was destined to be the headlines of the game world's news. Da Fei's killing of the Demigod brought a huge impact to the entire eSports professional world. The professional teams from all over the world were shocked. They collected any videos and posts related to Da Fei from the Chinese forum. Especially the video recordings of Da Fei when he left the port of Erolyn. The professional teams from all over the world studied them repeatedly, watched them, and compared them.

The so-called analogy was to see if he could receive similar missions from Da Fei in his own service area.

Hero Genesis currently had seven service districts. The maps, land names, and characters of each district were all different. For example, the Human Kingdom in the China district was the Lion Heart Empire. The Human Kingdom in the American district was called the Iron Fist Empire. The Grand Duke of the American district was not called Markal, nor was he a Voyager. The Elven Kingdom in the American district was called Valoran, and there was no Eloreen. However, it was indeed a port city, Elona, whose status and location were similar to Eloreen's.

All in all, these seven specious worlds had been carefully adjusted by the mainframe. The NPCs' functions and personalities were completely different. It was obviously not easy to replicate Da Fei's success, but it was indeed possible to figure out the idea of the mission from Da Fei's success.

For example, Japan is now attempting to replicate the Battle of the Pool of Light.

As for the China region, there was no need to mention it. Many players with good intentions rushed to the Erolyn Wharf and the seaports of their cities to chat with the big captains.

If even ordinary players would flock to it, then it was even more so for those large organizations that aspired to the Ocean Strategy.

The soldiers and Dawei were the most excited about Da Fei's achievements.

The soldier arrogantly sent a message to his computer science buddies. "Big Liu, did you see that? Did you see the world announcement? Did you see the post on the forum? Now you know how awesome Brother Fei is. Who in the entire China server would dare to go against Brother Fei? Unless their brains were crushed by a door! If I had called you over earlier, you wouldn't have come. Now, your position is gone. Haha!"

Da Liu scoffed. "If I were Brother Fei, I would definitely only recruit experts and not noobs. In any case, noobs like me definitely don't have the right to stay in an awesome guild like Brother Fei. Sooner or later, I'll be kicked out."

The soldier scoffed. "Do you think Brother Fei is someone like you? If you had the same thoughts as Brother Fei, you would have become an expert like Brother Fei. Your brain decides your position, understand?"

"Of course, of course. Soldier is the most popular person under Brother Fei. I won't disturb you any further. Goodbye!"

F*ck! The soldier cursed angrily.

Initially, he wanted to show off a little. However, it was obvious that the hidden meaning behind Da Liu's words had completely ruined his good mood. What Da Liu said was exactly what the soldier was most worried about. He wasn't considered an expert. Would he be cleared out in the end? The key was that there was still Dawei, this burden. He didn't know anything at all. It was totally like Da Fei said it was a childcare center!

The soldier lit a cigarette and took a deep puff. He was deep in thought.

Did he know Da Fei's character? In fact, the entire China server knew about Da Fei's character, right? Especially since Da Fei was too casual when recruiting people. He did not even ask where he came from. He did not care about the level. Whoever sold goods would be completely profit-seeking. That was too much of a cheat, right? No matter what, he had to learn how to operate a ship first, right? In short, he had to work harder. In particular, he had to get Dawei to do it quickly. Tonight, he would open the ship for two nights!

At this moment, Dawei's phone suddenly rang.

Dawei took the phone. "Hello?" Then, his tone became excited. "Ah!!! Good, good, good! I got it!"

Dawei excitedly took off his helmet. "Soldier, I'm going to the airport to pick someone up. Help me open the door!"

The soldier said in shock, "Are you kidding me?! You didn't learn anything else, but you already know how to double open!" I was about to ask you to double open, but you, a burden, actually wanted me to double open!

Dawei smiled and said, "I'll be back soon!" After saying that, he hurriedly put on his coat and rushed out of the door.

Damn!

• • •

At this moment, in London.

George VIII urgently summoned the important members of the Royal Ark Team, the Knights of the Round Table, to a meeting in the chat room to deal with the challenge from the China server. That's right, as long as someone's strength became stronger, regardless of whether they were friend or foe, or what their strategic intentions were, they would be viewed as a challenge by George VIII. Especially for the Royal Ark Team, whose goal was to compete for power over the sea, Da Fei's strength at sea made George VIII unable to sleep and eat.

In fact, George VIII wanted to use this opportunity to solve a big problem. In Europe, perhaps because Britain was an offshore island, there were many places in Britain that did not fit with the rest of the continent. Therefore, in Europe, England always felt a little like a guest. This feeling was especially obvious after the decline of Britain in World War II and the loss of its dominance. Therefore, the young and impetuous George VIII was very unhappy.

That's right, he wanted to be the master! He had to do it in real life, and even more so in the game! If he couldn't do it in the game, he couldn't do it in reality.

All 12 "Knights of the Round Table" were present.

George VIII. Game ID: Arthur. Begin opening speech.

Arthur said, "Good afternoon, gentlemen. I believe everyone knows the theme of this meeting. We can tolerate our team being behind in the China server, but we can't tolerate being behind in the China server. Once the New World is opened, the Chinese will definitely be a huge obstacle to us. Although we have Noah's Ark, don't forget the huge number of players in the China server, especially since the Ninth Heaven Guild is dedicated to navigation. We have to go further and establish absolute maritime dominance. Gentlemen, what should we do next? Tell us your views."

Lancelot said, "Your Highness, I've carefully analyzed Da Fei's video. He relied on the power of the NPC battleship for this operation. He can only pilot a midshipman ship, so it's impossible for him to defeat a Demigod-level combatant. Although we don't know what kind of Demigod-level combatant he is, based on the way the game is handled, we can't rule out the possibility of an NPC's Quest Item helping him weaken a Demigod's power. Therefore, I believe that Da Fei's threat isn't as big as we think. We can't change our path of development just because of him. We can't be fast anymore."

Arthur said, "But other gamers might not think that way, right? At least, our team, no, there are no medium-sized ships in the European Union, right?"

Bedwyr said, "I don't think our Noah's Ark can continue hiding on the island. We should use it to play its role. For example, we should take on missions to kill sea monsters and eliminate pirates to accumulate reputation."

Gawain said, "No, the Ark is still in an incomplete state, and we don't have enough resources to support this super huge ship. Once we expose the existence of the Ark prematurely, the German tanks and the French Triumphant Gate, especially the Ottoman Empire of Turkey, will definitely cause trouble for us. We cannot move lightly without sufficient resources to ensure that the Ark operates 24 / 7."

Bedwyr said, "No, no, it's not that we're afraid of them, but they should be afraid of us! Just like this Chinese player named Da Fei, his various shameless swindling acts have almost become the public enemy of the nation! But so what? He has established an absolute advantage, and everyone who dares to challenge him has been humiliated by him. Many people have started to change their stance and flatter him."

Gawain said, "No, no, the situation is different! Da Fei is just an individual player. The big guilds and groups in the China server have set their own development goals. They will definitely not mobilize their forces for the sake of dealing with an individual player without any benefits. However, our European Union is different. This is a game between countries. Once we win, the benefits we receive are unimaginable. Our Noah's Ark is similar to nuclear weapons. Once it appears, unless it possesses absolute power to intimidate, it will only drive the opponent crazy and destroy it regardless of anything!"

Arthur said, "It looks like our European Union area needs to end internal strife. It's time to determine a true leader."

Gawain said, "Your Highness, I understand what you mean, but we don't have this power!"

Arthur said, "We don't have this power. Why don't we think about it from a different perspective? 500 years ago, Great Britain was just a bleak island nation, completely incomparable to Spain, which had many colonies. How did our queen defeat Spain and establish the foundation of the Sun Never Sets?"

Gawain: "Supporting pirates!"

Arthur said, "That's right! Why can't we recreate history? The Spanish, Portuguese, and Dutch gamers all dream of the glory of the Great Voyage Era. However, their country's professional eSports aren't developed and they have few players. They can only become pirates. Why don't we ally with them? We can sponsor them and make them stand on our side?"

Bedwyr said, "That's right! His Highness is right. Perhaps Germany will try to rope them in, but we have Noah's Ark. This is the symbol of a leader. They know who they should stand on!"

Arthur said, "Besides, there isn't a single player in the European Union who can sail a ship. No one can threaten our Noah's Ark, right?"

Gawain said, "But the activation of Noah's Ark requires resources…"

Bedwyr said, "As long as we can determine the position of the leader of the United Kingdom's European Union, the initial expenditure is worth it. In this war in the China region, the European Union region feels like a tourist group because we don't have a leader. It's impossible for a tourist group to kill a demigod and drop a divine weapon. Therefore, the earlier we establish a leader, the better!"

Arthur asked, "What do you think?"

Gawain: "I have no objections."

Lancelot said, "As the user of Noah's Ark, I can't wait to see the day the Angel Corps becomes a sailor for the Ark. Haha!"

Arthur said, "It's settled then. It's time to convince the Germans, the French, and the Turks."

Due to Da Fei's provocation, the EU region, which had always been harmonious and had been a role model for the newly opened Southeast Asia region, was about to escalate the internal strife between the big countries into open strife! The bloody storm of war enveloped the "Europa Continent"!