Chapter 208: New Divine Technique: Skira Illusion

As the unknown enemy approached, the entire fleet immediately prepared for battle. A faint red dot appeared at the edge of Da Fei's radar. Then, the red dot disappeared. Needless to say, a diving sea monster!

The underwater fleet was most afraid of diving sea monsters! In such a situation, the old granny had once demonstrated a method, which was to use the Illusionary Legion magic in the fog as bait to lure it out of the water, and then kill it with a ballista. Now, the heavy responsibility of releasing the bait fell on Alicia.

However, there was no fog at the moment, and the floating ice was all over the place. The bait’s effect and positioning were both very problematic. Once the bait failed, the fleet would be like eels entering a ditch in this narrow sea of ice. There would be no room for maneuver, and they would be like fish waiting to be slaughtered. This sea of ice was extremely dangerous!

Looking at the treacherous waves on the sea, Da Fei broke out in a cold sweat and asked the speechless Alicia, "Are you ready? The sea monsters should be very close to us now."

"The terrain is too terrible. If we want to use the bait, we must set up the illusion around us so that the gun cabin on the side of our ship can unleash its power. But in this situation, we can only set up the illusion at the back of the route our ship passed through. It's useless!"

Da Fei's heart tightened. As expected! He hurriedly asked, "Didn't you say last night that you would create a new spell? Can you try it?"

"You said it yourself. Don't blame me if you fail!"

What the f*ck! He's so young and yet he doesn't want to learn. He actually learned how to push responsibility away!

Dafei said anxiously, "At this point, whether it works or not, we can only give it a try!"

Alicia nodded. "Okay, my new Arcana Technique is improved by variants inspired by Stealth Sailing, so Captain has to participate too. Captain is only responsible for what he should do. Captain, let's begin!"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Improved Stealth Sailing? What the f*ck! Is this really the mother of innovation? Da Fei did not think too much about it and immediately started working.

— System Message: You used Godly Reconnaissance Skill "Phantom March"!

The sailors on the ship suddenly became faint. Then, Alesia's hands emitted a magic light. Da Fei's vision blurred, and he felt the ship he was on suddenly distort and expand like a balloon!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, cast an unknown arcane spell on your ship!

— System Message: You have created a new unnamed magic skill! You have obtained information on a new magic skill!

— System Message: You received information on Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has obtained information on God-level Arcana Techniques.

• • •

Looking at the row of system notifications appearing on the screen, Da Fei stared in shock at the unbelievable scene in front of him!

Da Fei's ship had turned into a monster that was shaking its head! If he was not wrong, this monster looked like six Sea Demons, Skila? A much smaller version of Skila, whose entire body was yellow and white! That was the yellow brown and white color of Da Fei's ship's wood!

What the f*ck! So her new skill was Shapeshifting? And the combination skill actually triggered a Grandmaster-level God-level skill. This was undoubtedly a God-level skill! Then, what was the use of this skill?

Da Fei was pleasantly surprised. "You mean, transforming into a sea demon and scaring the sea monsters away?"

"Ice Fruit!" Alicia was so excited that she could not hold back her laughter. "Replication successful! This is called subduing an enemy without fighting! Wahahaha!"

Dafei could not help but say excitedly, "Can it scare them away?"

Alicia chuckled sinisterly. "Who knows? Didn't it call itself General Hai? Shouldn't it be more or less a little imposing?"

Da Fei nodded excitedly. "En, Skila's statue has the effect of deterring sea monsters. It should be very majestic, right?"

Just then, the red light on Da Fei's screen flashed again!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A hidden enemy is about to appear!

Da Fei's heart tightened. Anlicia's expression changed. Was it useless?

At this moment, a huge red dot appeared at the back of the fleet and surfaced. It was a huge octopus! Da Fei was so shocked that his eyes constricted! The legendary big octopus! This was troublesome. In the legends of countless sailors in the world, there were countless terrifying legends of giant octopuses! Even if humans entered the Age of Steam, octopuses were still the theme of horror movies. In short, the strength of the octopuses in the game was definitely not low.

In fact, given the current situation of the fleet, they didn’t have much of a chance of winning against any sea monster, let alone a terrifying sea monster like the octopus that could easily overturn a large ship!

At that moment, the octopus was hanging far behind the fleet. It was obvious that it did not dare to get close. This meant that the illusion still had some effect! The problem was that it could only scare them away. It was useless if it could not scare them away.

As expected, Alesia let out a long sigh. "I've tried my best. The illusion won't last long. Captain, you should prepare for battle. I think we should use our midship as bait. When the octopus attacks our ship—fire at me!"

Da Fei also let out a long sigh. Looks like this is the only way?

When the S-class difficulty Chamber of Commerce mission combined with the Epic-level Chamber of Commerce mission, the scene of the egg shattering unfolded! This time, it was very likely that he would not be able to survive. Da Fei had no choice but to prepare for the worst. Although he had survived through the storms of the Demigod Realm and was very indignant that he had failed in an ice trench, he was only able to become a Demigod because he had an unexpected strong ally like Renoir. His journey should have stopped at that time.

As for now, he had already obtained the God-grade equipment and obtained new God-grade skill information. No matter what, he had already profited, so he no longer had any regrets.

Therefore, the only thing he had to consider now was to lose a soldier to protect his commander. If he could fight, he would fight. If he couldn't, he would let the Wings of Light escape. This mission would end here. He would leave the damn Chamber of Commerce to fend for itself.

Da Fei made a prompt decision and immediately called for the flagship messenger. "Order the flagship to prepare to return and escape. Throw away all the goods in the cargo hold."

At this moment, a deep piano sound was suddenly heard. The entire empty and silent Ice Ocean Sound Wave reverberated! Da Fei's heart shook. What was this?

"Small existence, get lost!!!" Amidst the lingering notes of the piano, a powerful voice resounded through the icy ocean!

Da Fei's jaw dropped in shock as he looked around. Is that… Skila's voice?

It was at this moment that the octopus suddenly turned around. Its huge eight claws that were like pillars suddenly flicked out, creating a huge splash as it retreated. It disappeared at the end of the radar like a torpedo!

— System Message: The enemy has escaped from the battlefield! You received + 200,000 battle experience!

They ran away! Scared away!!! Da Fei and Alicia looked at each other in confusion! At this moment, the enthusiastic cheers of sailors came from the Radiance Wings!

Da Fei finally came back to his senses. "Cortner! It must be Cortner! Awesome, too awesome! Wahahaha!"

Alicia also came back to her senses and laughed out loud. "I get it! Just having an image is not enough. You have to do voice acting to make it look like it!"

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Yes, yes, yes. One more person has to be added to this combination skill. One more poet! Hurry up!"

Just scaring this monster away was enough to earn 200,000 EXP. This showed how powerful this monster was! This was a mistake caused by the wrong quest that he had accepted at the wrong time. It was not something that the current players could deal with. If they really fought, they would most likely be wiped out!

The appearance of this frightening Godly Skill gave him a strong guarantee on this trip. He had to develop this skill with all his might!

Now, Da Fei's ship was leaning against the Radiance Wings.

Katerina, Serbia, and Kortner came to welcome them by the escalator. "Welcome, Captain. We have once again overcome a huge crisis and achieved victory under your leadership!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "It's all because everyone did well! Especially Mr. Baron, you're really amazing and smart. How did you do it?"

Cortner took out a loudspeaker and shook his head with a smile. "I vaguely remember Skira's voice, and then I used the shocking effect of the poet's music skill to modify it. In short, a small skill is not worth mentioning. The key is how did the captain turn the ship into a sea monster? This is really unbelievable. Although I've interacted with many mages in the city, I've never heard of this magic."

Alicia said proudly, "Actually, this magic is the Illusionary Legion."

Da Fei was shocked. "The Illusionary Legion can transform into sea monsters?" The system's notification was clearly an unknown magic!

Cortner said in disbelief, "That's unheard of!"

Alicia laughed and said, "The so-called Illusionary Legion's magic requires a reference object to copy the image of this reference object with magic power, right?"

Cortner nodded. "That's right. This reference can be an army or an item. However, there must be a reference. How did you cast the Illusionary Legion without Skira's reference?"

Alicia said proudly, "The reference is in my heart! Just like you remember Skila's voice, I also remember Skila's appearance. I used magic power to replicate what Skila remembered!"

Da Fei's eyelids jumped in shock! He could replicate it just by remembering it? This meant that he did not need a reference!

Cortner was even more shocked. "Genius! Miss is a genius with outstanding memory! You should know that once the duplication reference is incomplete, the spell will fail! This is also why low-level Arcana Techniques can't duplicate large-sized targets. In other words, Miss can completely understand Skila's appearance?"

Alesia said with a bitter smile, "To be more precise, it's the fear that it brings to my heart. When I close my eyes, it's as if I can see its appearance again. Sometimes, it's not a good thing to have a good memory. Of course, it's still not completely replicated. At least, I can't remember its body underwater clearly. I completed it through my imagination. The spell isn't very rigorous. Otherwise, I would have created a new spell."

Dafei was enlightened. "I see!"

Cortner was shocked. "Successfully replenished through imagination? This is really something only a genius can do! I can imagine that once Miss mastered this ability, you can easily release imaginary monsters to scare people. Once Miss reaches the legendary God-level arcana realm, you can use magic power to materialize illusions. At that time, the illusions will also have attack power!"

Da Fei's eyelid twitched! That's right, the sub-skill of the God-level Arcana Technique was "materialization". At that time, the illusion would no longer be an illusion, but something with blood and flesh and attacks! Once Anlicia could really imagine all kinds of monsters with attacks, wouldn't it be amazing?

Alicia laughed disapprovingly and said, "Materialization is flashy but not practical. Instead of using a large amount of magic power to materialize an illusion, it's better to summon a few more elemental armies…"

You don't even care about God-level skills? Why are you so awesome?

Wait, Da Fei suddenly became alert. This Cortner is not right!

What was wrong? Why did his question have so much depth and meaning to suit her liking? Firstly, please my beauty, flatter her and win her favor! Secondly, find out my academic secrets!

My academic secrets can only be learned by geniuses. It's not worth mentioning. You can find out however you want, but you're not allowed to take pictures of my beauty's farts. Only I can take pictures!

All in all, let's get down to business now! That would be the new god-level combination! Actually, there's nothing much to say about the combination, right? It's just that when the illusion comes out, they should be good voice actors, right?