Chapter 201: Alicia Comprehended Arcanist Grandmaster

() It’s finally time to fight. The question is how?

Renoir said in a deep voice, "Friend, hide on the other side of my ship and let me face him!"

This is a must! My small boat can withstand its saliva! Da Fei quickly nodded. "Captain, you must hold on!"

As they got closer, the Spell Altar revealed its full appearance. It was a pile of bones made of countless bones. Skila's huge body swayed four long sea snake heads in the water at the center of the pile of bones, and one of the heads was indeed constantly spewing smoke.

The Radiance Wings moved forward diagonally, preparing to launch a sideways attack as soon as it was in position. Da Fei hurriedly followed and hid in the huge bunker on the side of the Radiance Wings.

The three sea snakes raised their heads high and sneered. "What a joke. Let me show you my angle of attack!"

* Rumble! * Lightning, icicles, and venom rained down. The deck of the Radiance Wings was blown apart, and three large holes appeared in the poisonous smoke. The venom even flowed through the holes to the bottom of the cabin! The sailors on the ship cried out in panic.

Da Fei's eyelids jumped in shock! He was standing so far away! Furthermore, this attack from above completely ignored the armor on the side of the ship. He was at a huge disadvantage! Could he win?

"Mortal, I regret your stupidity!"

Boom! Another three shots were fired, and one of the masts of the Radiance Wings broke. The flames of the thunderbolt burned fiercely. Only then did the Radiance Wings turn its body and enter the attack zone.

* Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! * The Radiance Wings’ cannons were fully opened, and dozens of crossbow bolts shot towards Skila’s huge body with a roar of vengeance.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bone fragments flew everywhere! It was the Necromagic Shield of Bones that absorbed damage!

Skira laughed wildly. "This is what mortals think of as toys? Ridiculous!"

Da Fei was stunned! He could not defeat it, he definitely could not defeat it! The firepower of both parties was not on the same level at all! He could only run? Damn, if he did not destroy this altar, he would die sooner or later when he recovered his strength. Where could he run to? At the end of the day, was he still going to lose?

No! I can't dodge anymore. I have to fight it no matter what! It has a weakness. Any boss has a weakness! Where is this boss' weakness?

What the f*ck! Do I even need to think about it? It’s definitely the head! The person who shot the horse first will have his head blown off! It’s either the chattering dog head or the singing beauty’s head! The other four sea snake heads have long necks and are swaying too violently. It’s impossible to hit them, but the beauty’s head is soft and tender and doesn’t move on the back of the sea monster. She’s the one who’s hit!

The problem was, don't ask how to fight first. The problem was, would my ship dare to show itself? Looking at the smoke on the battlefield, Da Fei's heart jumped. Perhaps, there was only one way. He could try to combine the Godly Technique, Stealth Sailing again! Didn't the old lady use the fog as a catalyst?

Now, there was a ready-made fog. Furthermore, this fog was quite high-end and classy. It was a God-level fog that could blind his God-level Reconnaissance Skill! Therefore, the prerequisite for the combination was beyond the standard.

Then, there was no need to talk about his God-level Reconnaissance Skill. After that, his Master-level Nautical Skill and Advanced Nautical Art could barely achieve the effect of Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill.

In that case, there were only two questions left. Firstly, could I take on two jobs? Secondly, could the newly promoted Arcanist, Anlicia, do it? Back then, I only managed to transform the ship with the help of a large group of Forest Goddesses. But now, I'm in the middle of a ship. Can a Master transform into a ship?

F*ck! What was the point of thinking so much? Couldn't he just give it a try?

Da Fei hurriedly called for Alicia and said with a solemn expression, "It's time for the Assembly God Technique. This is not a drill, it's a decisive battle that concerns the survival of the Wings of Light."

"Oh. Actually, the most direct way to make others unable to see you is to make them blind!" With that said, Alicia took out the big lump of buzzing.

Da Fei was shocked. "Your bees can blind people?"

Alicia sighed. "But it's not a human! I think it'll lose its sight more or less! It's a pity that once the bee shoots out its stinger, it means its life is over."

Holy f*ck! It's all your fault for not working hard when you're young. Otherwise, why would these cute little bees die?

Da Fei sighed. "Now is the time to make sacrifices. Anyway, prepare your skills first!"

— System Message: You used Phantom March.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has released the Master-level Arcane Spell, "Illusion Legion".

— System Message: Your combination of "Stealth Sailing" failed!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has obtained information on Grandmaster Arcana Techniques.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has obtained information about the skill "Stealth Sailing".

Holy f*ck! It still failed! How could I fail at this critical moment when I had high hopes for it? But the skill information came out! This also means that we are on the path of success. In other words, the system acknowledges that I have two jobs! Then, the problem is that the master-level Arcana Techniques in Alesia are not enough? Perhaps my ship is blocked by Wings of Light and is not completely shrouded in God-level fog?

At this moment, Alicia sighed and said, "Actually, in the eyes of the strong, the weak are often automatically ignored. Instead of trying to hide themselves completely, it's better to let the strong divert their attention. I mean, the Wings of Light shouldn't be standing at the same spot to fight with him. It should circle around him and attract his attention. If we stay where we are, we might be ignored immediately."

Da Fei suddenly clapped his hands. "Good! It's exactly the same as me leaving the cover of the ship and entering the fog!"

At this moment, Renoir spoke as well. "Perhaps my decision was a mistake, but I don't regret it. If we can't even defeat a weak avatar of a sea demon, then our goal will be even more impossible to achieve. I look forward to you creating a miracle!"

With that said, the huge body of the Wings of Light dragged the thick smoke and started moving.

Skira laughed. "You think I can't hit you just because you're exercising? What a joke!"

— Boom!!! Another three loud bangs were heard, and half of the rear tower of the Wings of Light was destroyed!

Da Fei's ship was about to leave the shelter of the Radiance Wings. The fog and dust blew towards him, completely enveloping him! One more time! Success or failure depended on this!

— System Message: You used Phantom March.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has released the Master-level Arcane Spell, "Illusion Legion".

— System Message: You have successfully combined "Stealth Sailing" skill!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has learned the skill "Stealth Sailing"!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has learned Grandmaster Arcana Magic.

Looking at the suddenly transparent ship and the large row of system notifications, Da Fei was so excited that tears streamed down his face. He didn't care about anything else and hugged Anlicia and rubbed her hard!

Haha! Wahahaha! Heavenly State, I did not disappoint your expectations. I nurtured Alicia into a slender and elegant lady. It was very nice to carry her, and she smelled very nice. She was a very promising young lady!