Chapter 209: The Monster Of The Octopus

Heroes were divided into three types according to their role. The first type was strategic heroes. This type of hero usually referred to heroes who had the specialty of having a feudal lord managing them. In a war between nations, it was a competition of national strength. In a war, it was a battle of attrition. Strategic heroes were the embodiment of true strength in the later stages.

The second type was tactical heroes. Such heroes had the ability to determine the direction of a battle.

The third type was the most common war hero. They decided the outcome of a battle.

Currently, international players favored combat heroes the most. Combat heroes with super strong specialties were often crowned with the title of "Godly Hero". Indeed, a good start was half of success. Only strong primary development could gradually accumulate the tactical advantage in the middle and late stages. This was a three-step process. Of course, most players would forever stay at the level of fighting heroes working hard, fighting, and killing.

Obviously, Da Fei had reached the second step. He had entered the era of tactical heroes! Alicia was Da Fei's tactical hero.

Her value was in winning without fighting, fighting the strong with the weak! In online games, it was like "fighting a BOSS above your level", "accepting quests above your level", "clearing the dungeon with zero kills", and so on. This was a realm that a god-level combat hero could never reach.

Hence, Da Fei had to put in all his effort to nurture Alicia.

Since she was severely lacking in knowledge and magic power, she could not bear to let the little nun suffer. It was better to give the divine magic wand to Alicia to use first. With an additional 20 points of magic power knowledge, it was equivalent to an ordinary Spell Hero upgrading to level 20 attribute points. The improvement could be imagined. Now, all kinds of Grandmaster Mages like Summoning Mist, Phoenix Summoning, Earthquake Summoning, and so on could be used. She was really sorry. Why didn't she think of changing her equipment last night when she said she had no power? She was probably not on the same boat, and didn't expect that strategic weapons were not restricted by class.

Da Fei opened the sub-hero equipment column and started to change. Eh? The equipment could not be recovered? What happened?

Da Fei looked at Blondie in surprise. She was holding her wand tightly and staring at him nervously.

What the heck! What is this! Da Fei laughed and said to Serbia, "What's wrong? I want to change my equipment."

Serbia shook his head and questioned, "Why do you want to exchange with her?"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! Are you kidding me! The sub-hero is actually resisting the player's changing command! This is unheard of! Ah, no, I've encountered this before! When I first recruited Katerina, I tried to take off her sexy and tight leather armor for my pleasure. However, she laughed and brushed it off. I didn't care at that time. I just said that the sub-hero can resist the player's changing requirements!

That's right, if the sub-hero had any personal items, if the player tried to take them away, the sub-hero would immediately turn hostile. This was also a warning from the official information!

Could it be that Serbia resisted him because they could not bear to part with the divine equipment? Da Fei hurriedly opened Serbia's stats window and saw that its Loyalty Level was 100!!!

Ah pu! Da Fei spat again! The power of a divine weapon! This was definitely the power of a divine weapon!

When the players met other races in the tavern, when they could not deal with the top-tier heroes of the other factions, there was still an ultimate move, giving them treasures! The higher the level of the treasure, the more likely the other party would submit. At the same time, the treasures given to the hero would become the personal items of the hero, sacred and inviolable. This was also the move that Da Fei used when he gave Katerina binoculars. High-tier treasures had such magical effects, not to mention divine artifacts!

The problem is, my darling, I entrusted you to use this, not give it to you. It's not considered your personal property. How can you do this?

That was to say, this was the charm of a divine weapon. It could trigger the possessiveness of a sub-hero? The problem was that a divine weapon had this setting? There was such an introduction on the official website? No way? Or was this divine weapon very special? F*ck, once one accepted this setting, it would be quite troublesome!

Da Fei could only continue smiling obsequiously. "This is just temporary. Serbia, be good—"

Serbia interrupted. "I'm not a child. Captain, don't you think it's a waste for a ranger to use a magical artifact?"

Da Fei was dumbfounded! This child was so angry! She was even more angry than when he was flirting with the Banshee! Could it be that the divine weapon really had such great power that it could cause a nun to degenerate? What would happen if she forcefully removed her divine weapon? Da Fei could not imagine it! Her loyalty must have plummeted, right?

Da Fei really did not dare to take this risk. He could only let out a long sigh. "Alright, alright. It's my fault. You're the most suitable one."

The rims of Serbia's eyes reddened, and he reluctantly handed over his wand. "I'm sorry, it was my fault. I shouldn't have disobeyed Captain's orders."

— System Message: You have removed the Deputy Hero Serbia's equipment, Sea Soul Battle Armor.

— System Message: Serbia's loyalty decreased to 70 points.

Da Fei was stunned on the spot! He had really lost his loyalty! Alright, alright, this child knew the big picture.

Da Fei hurriedly patted her head and comforted her. "Don't worry. When I kill more Demigods in the future, I will definitely prioritize equipment for you if I have any magical equipment!"

Serbia tilted her head and frowned. “Captain, don’t touch my head, okay? I’m not a child.”

Eh? His expression and tone seemed to have returned to normal? Then what happened just now? A special plot was triggered by a divine weapon?

Da Fei looked at the Sea Beast Bone Claw holding the white glass ball-shaped magic wand in surprise. He really could not tell what it contained. Anyway, he had to hurry up and start work.

Da Fei returned to his own ship, and the fleet continued moving forward.

After returning to the ship, Da Fei equipped the divine wand for Alesia and watched her reaction intently.

“This is a divine weapon? What’s so special about it?” Alicia twirled her wand in her hand with interest and waved it a few times. The wind whistled, and it was obvious that she did not value it as much as Serbia did.

Is this her reaction? Alright, it's normal. I'm afraid of being tortured. I'd rather not have any special scenes.

In short, with a God-grade weapon in hand, he had a lot of mana. What he needed to do next was to practice with her until he developed the complete version of the Skilla Illusion Magic. The day the magic succeeded, it would definitely be the time for the God-grade Arcana Technique to advance! It was also the time for Da Fei's Grandmaster Navigation!

Of course, with Anlicia's genius aptitude, she had already obtained information about God-level skills. It was inevitable that she would advance to God-level. However, Da Fei's goal was not just to reach this level. Da Fei's goal was to surpass God-level and develop a new vocation that surpassed skills!

The practice began!

As Da Fei activated Phantom Marching, Anlicia waved her magic wand. Da Fei's vision blurred again, and the ship in front of him expanded rapidly like a balloon again. An illusion of yellow, black, and white, much larger than the previous Skira, appeared.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, cast an unknown arcane spell on your ship!

— System Message: You have created a new unnamed magic skill! You have obtained information on a new magic skill!

— System Message: You received information on Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has obtained information on God-level Arcana Techniques.

— "Small existence, get lost!" The piano sound was heard, and Cortner matched the sound without missing a beat. Then, waves surged around the ice ocean. Needless to say, countless shrimps and crabs were scared off. That's right, this was the effect he wanted.

Alicia chuckled and said, "Not bad. After the magic power is enhanced, the size of the illusion is much bigger, and the color is beginning to be close to the black color of Skila in my memory. As long as I practice many times and deepen the image of Skila, I should have a breakthrough when I get close to Skila's original appearance."

Dafei said happily, "Yes, yes, yes. What I want is to practice many times!"

At this moment, a red light suddenly exploded on Dafei's screen!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A powerful enemy is approaching your fleet, please be alert!

Da Fei was shocked. He saw a big red dot rapidly approaching his fleet on the radar. What the heck! Another sea monster! Was he not afraid of Skila?

The fleet immediately got ready for battle. Alicia quickly sat down to rest, drink some water, and eat some pastries to recover her mana. At the same time, Da Fei took out his binoculars to look at the red dot that was flying towards him—Giant Octopus!

F*ck! This guy had returned!

Could it be that it had discovered that it had been tricked? So it didn’t even dive into the water and instead took large strides in pursuit? What was it going to do now? The legendary move was ineffective against a Saint Fighter for the second time, which meant that this battle was inevitable?

However, it was different now. Now that Anlicia's magic power could summon the Mist Spell, she could still fight!

Da Fei hurriedly said to Alicia, "Prepare the Mist Spell!"

Alicia puffed up her cheeks that were filled with food and mumbled, "* & &…% $!"

Holy shit, are you talking in octopus language?

At this moment, the giant octopus that was like a torpedo suddenly raised its eight claws and caused a torrential wave to stop at the back of the fleet. Obviously, it had seen the illusion left behind by Skira during its practice.

This monster was obviously much larger than the previous one, so the Skila illusion was testing its intelligence again!

"Idiot! Get lost!" Another piano sound rang out, and an angry roar resounded through the icy ocean!

Crash! Another loud splash sounded. The octopus monster flicked its eight claws in shock, turned around, and fled in a panic.

— System Message: The enemy has escaped from the battlefield! You received + 200,000 battle experience!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has reached Level 25! Attack + 1, Free Attribute Point + 1, Damage + 1…

"Ah!" A mouthful of food spewed out from Alicia's mouth.

Da Fei was stunned! What was this guy here for? Was he here to give him EXP?

Anlicia wiped her mouth and said, "I can't take it anymore. It can't be done three times. This octopus might come back. I might not be able to fool it then."

Da Fei nodded numbly. The legendary same move was ineffective against the Holy Warriors for the third time. It seemed like he had to make a decision early. He should make a decision before he ran away.

Da Fei made a prompt decision. "Passenger!"