Chapter 206: Xiao Li Returns To School

At Shendong Airport, Ding Jiali met Dawei as soon as she got off the plane.

Ding Jiali pouted. "I was just telling you, but you really came to pick me up!"

Dawei chuckled and said, "I just didn't expect you to come over before the second day of the new year. And you even took an overtime flight. It's very expensive!"

Xiao Li sighed. "Yes, thanks to my brother, I took the plane for the first time."

Dawei's eyebrows jumped. "Is Big Brother alright?"

Xiao Li chuckled and said, "He has been doing sales recently and earned quite a bit of money."

Dawei nodded and said in a low voice, "I also have to work during the New Year period and prepare to earn a big sum of money."

Xiao Li said in surprise, "What kind of job? What kind of job can earn big money?"

Dawei shook his head. "I'm still doing research with the soldiers. Anyway, it's hard to say now."

Xiao Li said in surprise, "Soldier? That sloppy guy in your dormitory always skipped classes? What kind of research project will he transfer?"

Dawei coughed and said, "Precisely because he often skipped classes, he has a lot of experience in society. He knows a lot of people outside."

Xiao Li said seriously, "Don't go astray, understand?"

Dawei hurriedly waved his hand. "No! How is that possible! Okay, okay, I'll treat you to a meal."

Xiao Li chuckled. "No, it's my treat this time!"

Dawei anxiously said, "How can that do?"

Xiaoli stared and said, "Why not? Can't I treat you to some steam buns?"

Dawei chuckled and said, "Okay, okay, I'll eat two steamers!"

"Do you dare to eat three steamers?"

"No problem, as long as your heart doesn't ache for your wallet!"

The two of them returned to school after dinner. Dawei sent the luggage to the door of the female dormitory and then hurried back. Looking at Dawei heading straight for the male dormitory, Ding Jiali was suspicious. Was there something urgent in his dormitory? In short, she had known Dawei for three years and knew him quite well. She believed that he would not do anything rash.

Ding Jiali returned to the dormitory. As soon as she opened the door, she was greeted with the smell of rotten food. She was greeted by the sight of a small mountain of snacks, instant noodles, trash bags, and toilet paper.

Ding Jiali could not help but exclaim, "Xiaofang! Y-y-you… you… you didn't go back?"

Xiaofang, who was snuggling on the bed, took off her helmet, clapped her hands, and said happily, “Lili’s wife is back! Muah!”

Xiao Li said angrily, "What the f*ck! You're about to be buried by the rubbish. Hurry up and get rid of the rubbish!"

Xiaofang made a face and smiled. "Give me two minutes!" Then, she put on her helmet again.

Xiao Li sighed helplessly. "I really can't do anything to you. Let me go first."

Xiaofang said with a strange smile, "My wife Li Li is so obedient, huh! I'll treat you to a KFC dinner tonight to welcome my wife!"

As Xiao Li stepped on the trash bag, she said angrily, "What are you playing this time? You're playing until the sky turns dark!"

Xiaofang chuckled. "I'm not playing this time! Oh right, I'll show you something. You'll definitely be shocked!"

"What? I'm not interested in this!"

Xiaofang smiled and said, "Impossible!" As she spoke, she took off her helmet and turned on the computer on the table. She opened the Internet address of the gold dao net and logged into her account. She displayed the transaction record and chuckled. "See what I'm selling?"

Xiao Li went over to take a look and her eyes widened in shock. "Hero coins? 50,000 gold coins for 10,000?"

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "How is it? An LV bag!"

Xiao Li said in shock, "How is that possible! It's even more exaggerated than q coin!"

Xiaofang chuckled. "It was someone who cried and begged me to sell it. At this critical stage, gold coins are worth a lot. There's no market for them!"

Xiaoli was dumbfounded!

Xiaofang smiled and said, "I'm so lonely playing alone. My wife came at the right time. Come play with me, alright?! I don't have high expectations. Just spend this holiday with me. With me taking care of you, I guarantee you'll be rich."

Xiao Li snorted and stepped on a trash bag. "Not interested. I still need to read a few more books during the holidays."

Xiaofang spread out her hands helplessly and sighed. "What a wasteful and extravagant woman. Your husband must be miserable."

Xiao Li stared and said, "Hey, hey, hey, how did I squander it extravagantly?"

Xiaofang shook her head and sighed. "You gave up such a good opportunity to make money and subsidize your family. How extravagant is that? Studying is something that only big bosses experience when they are rich. Only then will they realize the shortcomings of life. Now, you are beginning to enjoy the life of a big boss. How extravagant is that?"

Xiao Li did not know whether to laugh or cry. "What nonsense are you talking about? Are you referring to you?"

Xiaofang smiled proudly. "Of course. There are tens of millions of people in the China server. Countless people want me to help them, but I don't even care. I'm only helping you because you've been my wife for three years! Although I'm a female university student lying in the trash in the Dimensional World, I'm a tycoon with a manor and a military title in the other dimension!"

Xiaoli said in surprise, "Rich man?"

Xiaofang’s tone became more serious. “Wife, you must have studied socioeconomics, right? When a society has millions of people, wealth and value will be born. Some people have the ability and advantage to seize wealth, while some people are indeed restricted by various conditions and cannot obtain wealth. Do you want to continue serving this Queen in my world? Or do you want to stay in this world filled with rubbish and enjoy the luxurious life of a big boss in advance?”

Xiao Li was stupefied for a moment before she finally came back to her senses and snorted. "The Queen is just as impressive now. She created a world full of rubbish by herself. Two minutes have passed. Get up and pack your things, Queen of Trash!"

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "Just because my wife calls me queen, I won't buy the LV bag. I'll go online and buy a machine. I'll support you until the end of the holiday. Wahahahaha!"

Xiao Li shook her head and sighed. “I really can’t do anything to you!” She suddenly thought of something. “Say, if your game is so profitable, wouldn’t there be a lot of people playing it?”

Xiaofang chuckled. "Not really. There are only one or two hundred million people in the world."

Xiao Li was stunned. "One or two hundred million!"

Xiaofang chuckled. "But I'm probably the only one who can earn money. Come, let me put the helmet on for you to see the popularity of the game."

"Hey! Your helmet smells like sweat! How many days have you been cooped up?"

Xiaofang hugged Xiao Li onto the bed and laughed loudly. "My beloved concubine, this is This King's body fragrance. Come, xoxoahaha!"

Xiao Li cried out in alarm, “Hey, hey, ah, your blanket, there’s so much grease! I can’t take it anymore, you haven’t showered in a few days, and your entire body is going moldy. Hurry up and go out to get some sun—Aiyaya, you’re not listening to me, your hands are so big and smell like onions, don’t touch my face!”

Xiaofang was engrossed in her own thoughts. "Hm, what should I name my wife? Let's call her harem beauty, wahahaha!"