Chapter 205: The Internal Strife Of Barren Pirates

On Barren Pirate Island, Raging Sea of Blood's heart was bleeding.

Under Brother Tian's impromptu decision, the studio joined Da Fei's Chamber of Commerce as a spy. Of course, he knew that. In that situation, there seemed to be no better way. It was better than watching his Chamber of Commerce expand. However, very quickly, accidents happened one after another in the studio's fleet. What was this situation? A special plot? A game version? Was he still risking his life to continue running the business?

Before he could figure out the situation, the world announcement appeared! It was him again! It was this piece of trash again! All his achievements today were obtained by snatching the Godly Hero reward from his hard work! This should have been his hard work!

They could not wait any longer! They had to settle things on Barren Island! Raging Sea of Blood had been preparing for this rebellion for a long time. They had to take the risk no matter what.

This was a game, and instigating a rebellion was not something that could be done with words. That would only lower his friendliness with the NPCs. Raging Sea of Blood needed to kill a key person. This person was deeply trusted by the Barren Pirate Leader Locke. He was Locke's eyes and ears. Because of his existence, Locke could rest assured and stay in the big house, enjoying life and not asking about serious matters. Once he killed Raging Sea of Blood, Locke would definitely realize that the situation had changed. At that time, the number two Barak would have no choice but to rebel.

Now Barak had gone out to patrol the sea again. Good. This was the opportunity he had been waiting for.

After making preparations, Raging Sea of Blood went to a bar and found a pirate who was drinking on the bar. "Uncle Jack, I want to invest in specialties on Blood Pearl Island, but I want to see the environment on the island."

The pirate's eyes flashed as he turned his head. "Money?"

Raging Sea of Blood immediately took out a large money bag. "I have 100,000 gold coins!"

The pirate laughed and stretched out his hand. "Don't worry about the money. Just leave it to me. There's no need to look."

Raging Sea of Blood quickly retracted his money bag. "No, Barak said that I have to go personally to see the investment!"

The pirate's expression darkened. "What do you mean?"

It began!

Raging Sea of Blood said calmly, "How would I know if Blood Pearl Island exists if I don't see it?"

The pirate said angrily, "Blood Pearl Island is a secret specialty of Barren Pirates. Not just anyone can look at it."

Raging Sea of Blood nodded and said, "Barak said before that we have to be careful when investing in gold coins, especially in this pirate territory. Not everyone can accept money!"

As soon as he said that, the manager of the bar looked at Raging Sea of Blood in surprise. Very good! This was the effect he wanted. The manager knew that the entire island would know about the pub.

The pirate's expression turned cold. "Barak said that?"

Raging Sea of Blood chuckled. "Is that wrong?"

The pirate stared at Raging Sea of Blood fiercely. "Do you know who I am?"

Raging Sea of Blood chuckled. "Barak said that you're Uncle Jack."

The pirate was so angry that his whole body was trembling, and his eyes were about to burst into flames. "Fine! Then I'll take you to the Blood Pearl Island to take a look!" Then, he stretched out his hand. "Give me the money! That place is not for nothing!"

Raging Sea of Blood handed over the money bag.

— System Message: You have invested 100,000 gold coins in a specialty product of Blood Pearl Island! Your reputation among Barren Pirates has turned into respect.

100,000 gold coins! This was the ticket to this assassination operation! This was all the income he had earned since the opening of the workshop. If he failed, he would lose both his money and his manpower. All his efforts in Barren Island during this period of time would go down the drain. He might even lose his qualification to be a pirate. He could only succeed, not fail!

Now, the first step in sowing discord between Jack and Barak is to do it. This can only be done when Barak is out at sea and no one is at home to confront him. Then the next step…

The two of them arrived at the dock and boarded a small boat. The accompanying pirates began to row out to sea.

That's right, the next step was to kill him at sea! Only by killing him at sea would he be able to escape and die without any evidence.

However, that was the problem. He did not care about Jack's combat power first. The key was that he and Raging Sea of Blood were on the same side. Once they took the initiative to fight him, Raging Sea of Blood would become a red name. He might even directly use the system notification to announce that he had been betrayed by the system. The consequences would be unpredictable. Therefore, he could not do it himself. He had to use someone else to kill him.

The boat rowed across the sea between the islands. Jack was too lazy to say a word to Raging Sea of Blood. He was drinking rum by himself.

They were about to reach the ambush location. Raging Sea of Blood's heart was pounding.

Suddenly, Jack’s eyelids twitched. He turned around and asked coldly, “That’s your men? What are they doing there?”

Raging Sea of Blood's heart skipped a beat. Impressive! I didn't see it, but he did! That's right, that's the sub-hero that Raging Sea of Blood arranged to ambush at sea, the Pirate's Three Swordsman!

Raging Sea of Blood smiled faintly. "Fishing."

Jack said coldly, "What kind of fish will be here?"

Raging Sea of Blood started to drag the time. "What kind of fish are the most common in Barren Sea?"

The pirates laughed wildly. "Of course it's sharks and crocodiles! Our Barren Pirates are famous. The corpses we kill have fattened up many big guys!"

Raging Sea of Blood laughed and said, "Big guys are the meatiest."

Jack snorted. "You overestimate yourself!"

Hmph, that's exactly what I wanted to hear! This means that you're no match for a shark no matter how strong you are. That's right! A borrowed knife is a shark.

They were getting closer! The small boat of the Pirate's Three Swordsman was dragging a large bait fish as it desperately rowed the boat. There was indeed a large group of sharks chasing behind the small boat.

Jack was shocked. “What are you doing?”

At this moment, while everyone's attention was on the sharks, Raging Sea of Blood secretly took out a bottle of Rotten Blood Essence and threw it into the water!

That's right, the key to this operation was this bottle of Corrosive Blood Essence. This kind of low-level Vampire had a certain chance of dropping something. It was something that their studio had spent a lot of effort to purchase everywhere! Normal players might not think it was useful, but Raging Sea of Blood had its uses.

In that instant, Raging Sea of Blood was surrounded by a sea of blood! The sharks that were chasing after the Three Swordsmen suddenly turned around and charged towards Raging Sea of Blood's boat like crazy! Success!

Jack was shocked. "Run! Quickly row!"

Faster than a shark? What a joke!

Amidst everyone's fearful screams, the sharks rushed towards them—Boom! The small boat was knocked over, and Raging Sea of Blood and the rest fell into the water. A bloody mouth appeared in the water!

Raging Sea of Blood turned into white light and disappeared!

Now, Raging Sea of Blood had revived on Barren Island. Ignoring his own weakness, Raging Sea of Blood headed to the tavern to wait for the next step in the matter. Jack had to die. No human could defeat a shark in the water. Raging Sea of Blood was convinced of this.

Sure enough, when the third glass of wine went down, a loud NPC pirate rushed into the tavern. "Something happened to Jack! Jack never came back after going out to sea!"

The entire tavern was in an uproar. At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood's system notification appeared!

— System Message: You have triggered the Epic Mission 'The Internal Strife of Barren Pirates'!

— Mission Tip: The Barren Pirate No. 3, Jack's desire has caused a huge crack in the Barren Pirate Forces. There will be a major event happening in Barren Pirates. In this event, you can promote to a new No. 3 through hard work, or you can replace No. 2, or even promote to a new Barren Pirate Leader!

Raging Sea of Blood laughed hysterically! The impossible mission had actually succeeded!

I see. This game doesn't have many fixed Epic missions. Epic missions have to be created by the players themselves!

Needless to say, my goal is naturally the new Barren Pirate Leader! Da Fei, you piece of trash, just watch. After I become the Pirate Leader, the first thing I will do is to lead my Pirate Legion to snatch your pants!

• • •

At this moment, Da Fei was chatting happily with Starry's goddess Bu Feiyan. Bu Feiyan finally logged into the game and sent a congratulatory message to Da Fei.

The Star Race focused on the Elves, and the advantage of the Elves was the Mountain War and the Forest War. Hence, the Star Race was not particularly interested in the Sea Dominance. However, no matter what, Erolyn was "the Star Race's territory". Now that a guest like Da Fei was here, the owner had to win him over.

In short, Da Fei was now the leader of the Chamber of Commerce. Furthermore, he was the number one Chamber of Commerce in the world. Stars had yet to build a Chamber of Commerce. Bu Feiyan did not mention anything like taking him in. It was nothing more than a friendly cooperation to strengthen communication. Most importantly, if there was anything he wanted to sell, he could look for Stars.

She was indeed a goddess. Da Fei felt like a spring breeze listening to her!

A man's intuition told him that the one who spoke this time was definitely the same person as the one who spoke that night. They were either real goddesses or the same transvestite. F*ck, there wouldn't be a human demon in broad daylight, right? F*ck, if there really was such an awesome transvestite, he would admit defeat!

At this moment, Da Fei's phone rang. He took a look and saw that it was the little girl.

"Brother, I'm on the plane. I've switched off my phone. Don't pick me up if you're busy. That's all!"

Hey, hey! Why did you hang up in such a hurry? Just wait for me to say something! Hmph! You took the initiative to report to me. After all, my status is different now that I'm rich. At the end of the day, Xiao Li still loves money subconsciously. Wahaha! Then I'll have to check on you.

In short, I have to work harder as the leader of my family and sell a few more pieces of equipment. It's time for me to sell the small Life-Steal Scroll. As for this God-grade staff, I really don't know what it's used for. Before I know its value, I'll naturally use it myself and let Serbia equip it.

As for this S-Level Six-Headed Sea Demon Ship's avatar, of course, it was self-equipped. In the entire world, other than me, no other players could use it. This deterring sea monster's special skill was very likely similar to that of a level-eight dragon. A level-eight dragon also had a deterring special skill that could make low-level troops unable to attack because of fear. If that was the case, then it was truly worthy of being an S-Level one. In any case, he would equip the Radiance Wings with it from the port.

(The house is being renovated this weekend. I'm sorry everyone is so busy!)