Chapter 217: The God Tool To Make Specter Ship

It was dark. The moon that he had not seen for a long time appeared in the cold night sky of the Northern Ocean. Under the moonlight, the floating ice of the ice ocean shone. Very good, they did not even need to turn on the lights. Da Fei's fleet turned sideways and took a detour under the control of the lights.

Of course, this meant that they had to take more routes. More importantly, they had to pass through completely unfamiliar routes and seas that no one had ever reached before. This was the most troublesome and dangerous route. Perhaps the Vikings were waiting in the cold wind in front of them? Perhaps they were chasing after them like idiots? Perhaps they were just scaring themselves? It didn't matter. It was better to be safe than sorry. After all, they had already come this far.

The night passed peacefully, and the next day was another sunny day. At this time, the fleet was still heading further away from the route.

Da Fei kept looking up at the sky to see if there were any yellow dots. For the time being, there were none. Perhaps the other party had suddenly lost their target and was still looking for them? To be safe, Da Fei decided to drive it for one day and one night, which meant that he would be correcting his route tomorrow morning. Since he had already made a careful detour, he had to be completely careful.

Just as he was looking around, the system notification sounded.

— System Message: Your divine equipment, Sea Soul Battle Armor, has been absorbed and transformed into a soul. You have received 4630 points of magic power, mid-level Sea Soul + 1, Sea Soul Battle Armor has been enhanced with special skill: Ghost Ship Reincarnation.

— Specter Ship Reincarnation: The sea soul transformed from the Sea Soul Battle Armor can be infused into the ship, producing Specter Ship!

Da Fei was shocked! Ghost Ship!

At the same time, Alicia took out her wand and exclaimed, "Ah! The magic staff has changed!"

Currently, the magic wand was surrounded by a cool and explosive light, and it was no longer the original transparent bone weapon glass bead! Not bad, this is what a divine weapon looks like!

Looking at this special skill that suddenly appeared, Da Fei was enlightened! So this was how Specter Ship appeared. As expected, the God-grade equipment dropped by the Boss was somewhat related to the Boss' skills?

So how do I use this conversion special skill? I should at least find a ship first, right? Can I use this ship now? Try it? Then I'll try it. I'm in the midst of boredom.

Choosing to use Specter Ship Reincarnation Technique!

— System Message: Currently, Divine Artifact has one Intermediate-level Sea Soul stored. Intermediate-level Sea Soul can correspond to a medium-sized ship or small-sized ship. The higher the level of the Sea Soul, the more dilapidated the ship is, the better the reincarnation effect.

— System Message: Are you sure you want to reincarnate an Intermediate Sea Soul on your "Galen Medium Armed Cargo Ship"? This conversion will consume 3,000 points of the Sea Soul Battle Armor.

Yes!

With a flash of the magic staff, a white smoke drifted out of the glass ball. The smoke lingered in the cockpit for a moment before disappearing.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully transformed a medium-sized armed transport ship into a Level 0 Ghost Ship! Ship Speed + 2, Defense -15, Durability Limit -4,000, Special Skill: Acute Acceleration.

Da Fei was stunned on the spot! Are you kidding me! Renoir transformed into a Ghost Ship to boost the damage of the Ship Destroyer, increase its Defense, and resist Skila head-on. Damn it, why did it reduce HP and Defense when it transformed into a ship? Was it because my ship was too new and not broken enough, so the conversion effect was poor?

Da Fei hurriedly checked the attributes of the ship:

Ship Name: Garen Medium Armed Ship (Changeable)

Current level: Level 0.

Ship Special Skill: Rapid Acceleration. Activating this skill will increase the ship's overall speed by 20%. Once this skill is activated, the ship's turn performance will be greatly reduced and its durability will decrease continuously.

Ship cargo capacity: 300 units

Ship's gun turret cabin: 4 gun positions. (Left port 2, right port 2)

Ships with minimum crew capacity: 8

Ship Durability: 26,000 / 26,000 (-4,000)

Ship Speed: 10 (+ 2)

Ship Armor Defense: Left port 35, right port 35, bow 15, stern 15 (-15)

• • •

Level 0! In other words, it was necessary for the ship to gain life. It was a Specter Ship after all! It even had a special skill. However, the price was to reduce HP and Defense! F*ck, wasn't this special skill the giant octopus' acceleration special skill?

Da Fei was enlightened. This ship was indeed worn by the octopus spirit! It seemed that the sea spirit of different creatures would determine the attributes of Specter Ship! No wonder it was different from Renoir.

Speaking of which, apart from constantly losing HP and not being able to turn, this Giant Octopus Special Skill was awesome because it was an overall bonus. The 20% increase in Acceleration was completely different from the 20% increase in the basic ship speed of each level of Nautical Skill. If it was Katerina who sailed this ship, her Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill would increase by 120%, and her Master-level pirate would increase by 25%. Then, the speed of the ship would be increased by 245 at 10 points! Then, the 20% increase in Acceleration at 245 points would be 294! The maximum speed of the ship was 294 meters per second! This was an F1 Formula speedboat!

The higher the captain's first mate's navigation skills were, the better this special skill of acceleration was!

What the heck, such a good special skill actually grew on a medium-sized ship. What a pity!

No, no, no, you can't think like that! I have two large ships, and my horizons have been broadened, so I don't think highly of medium-sized ships. But in fact, players can only operate medium-sized ships for a long time, right? I can sell them! It doesn't matter if my attributes decrease. Now that this ship has life, I can slowly upgrade it and restore its attributes!

Besides, medium-sized ships had their own value. For example, the river, the shallows, and the marshes. These were places that big ships could not go to. As long as the cargo hold of this ship was changed into a gun cabin, it would be a high-speed gunboat. In the river, it would be a king!

This ship can definitely be sold for a good price! 100,000? 200,000? 300,000? Wahaha, this is about the price of a small car! No, no, no, wait for me to upgrade it by a few levels. I'll sell it when its attributes become stronger. It will definitely look good! This divine weapon of mine is indeed a divine weapon. As long as I absorb a few more sea souls, I can mass-produce Specter Ship! I'm really rich! I picked up a money-printing machine! Wahaha, I'm awesome!

Wait a minute! Mass production? It's not that easy, right?

Transforming a medium-sized ship required an Intermediate-level sea soul. Why would a giant octopus give 200,000 EXP when escaping? A powerful sea monster that could drop specialties from the ship's bow was only an Intermediate-level sea soul? Then what kind of existence was a Advanced sea soul that could transform a large ship? A Hero Boss like Renoir?

F*ck! If one had to kill an octopus-level sea monster to transform into a medium-sized ship, not only would it be difficult to produce Specter Ship, the risk would also be quite high! Think about it, there were so many sea monsters these few days, which one could he win against? It was even more impossible to transform into a large ship!

Da Fei, who had figured it out, shook his head and laughed. He was thinking too much. He was still thinking about the food in the bowl. Was he too busy to come over?

In short, Da Fei, who had figured out the use of the divine weapon, felt refreshed. The fatigue from staying up all night was gone.

The day passed again, and the albatross did not appear. Very good! After a night, he would completely shake off the Vikings.

In the middle of the night, the ethereal singing sounded again. Da Fei's heart tightened. It's another sea demon! But why is this singing so ethereal and not demonic at all?

No matter what, Da Fei waved at Alicia. "Schila, get ready!"

At this moment, the messenger came in happily and reported, "Captain, the whaler has sent a message. We might have encountered a hermit in the sea!"