Chapter 219: The Final Breakout

It was daybreak. After a day and two nights of detour, Da Fei's fleet adjusted their route and headed to Fire Dragon Island again.

After the meeting with the merfolk last night, the sailors on the fleet were in high spirits. Many of the sailors who were on leave thought that they were full of luck and couldn't wait to bet with their companions. Then, some were happy while others were sad. What a foolish mortal.

It had to be said that the luck of the fleet was terrifyingly high now! Da Fei was a temporary Level Zong Stage + 6 points, the Mermaid Stage + 5 points, and during the battle, he had an hourglass of misfortune + 5 points. There were a total of 16 points, which meant that the troops had a 32% chance of dealing double the maximum damage. Such a high chance was too high to look at!

Of course, Da Fei did not get carried away by this unreliable luck. So what if he was 100% lucky? There were only a few sailors and half-trained soldiers on the fleet, and their soldiers were only of this level. Da Fei also wanted to go out fully armed. The problem was that his soldiers in the Elven Kingdom were all in the Pool of Light. He did not even need to think about fighting. The problem that Da Fei was thinking about now was how to attack the Grandmaster-level Luck Skill.

Based on his previous experience of becoming a Grandmaster, if he could experience the feeling of a Grandmaster in advance, or use an auxiliary skill that was infinitely close to the effect of a Grandmaster, it would be easier for him to truly understand a Grandmaster. He only had a month's time, which was three days in reality. He could not miss this opportunity no matter what. Once he missed it, it would be difficult to comprehend it in the future.

However, luck was so unpredictable. How should he comprehend it? He had no clue!

During the day, Da Fei continued to monitor the sky. No yellow dots appeared, and no sea monsters appeared either. It was still safe at night. It seemed that he had temporarily gotten rid of the so-called Viking pirates, if they really existed.

On the 19th day, the weather turned dark, but there were still no abnormalities. This made Da Fei, who was used to being harassed by sea monsters every day, feel extremely uncomfortable.

On the 20th day, there was still nothing out of the ordinary! Da Fei felt itchy all over. This was asking for a beating! Not only did he get rid of the pirates, but why didn't the sea monsters appear for three consecutive days? This was an S-rank shipment mission and an Epic mission. It would be unreasonable if he did not get a sea monster to greet him every day! Could it be that meeting a mermaid and receiving the next mission's notification was equivalent to getting a small pardon? No, the Chamber of Commerce was still making a fuss just now. Could it be that the mermaid's luck enhancement could prevent him from meeting sea monsters? Impossible. After all, it was a game. Luck did not have such a setting. Amidst Da Fei's doubts and uneasiness, the day passed again.

At this time, Da Fei had already stayed up all night. The sky was bright again. Da Fei ordered a takeaway and ate to his heart's content. Then, he washed his face with cold water to clear his mind and calm his uneasiness and anxiety.

It was the 21st day of the voyage. From the sea map, they were already close to Fire Dragon Island. According to their current speed, there were only three days left. There was still nothing unusual.

Da Fei finally couldn't take it anymore! Nothing was the biggest difference. There was nothing!

Should I take another detour? Damn it, I'm already standing. Why should I take another detour? Is he trying to torture me? I'm not even sure if Viking is chasing me. I don't believe that the vast sea can stop me.

They were about to reach the station, so they directly charged forward!

No! Calm down! People tend to let down their guard at the last moment! This is the last moment!

Think about it. If I were the other party, I would have been circled and lost my target. How could I track the other party?

He had to think carefully about this question. This was equivalent to playing chess with others. Of course, he had to think about what other people would do next? He thought that he was smart, and it was really stupid to think of others as idiots. Not to mention that his opponent now was a computer. He had never won against a computer when playing chess! He had no idea! In the past, the crappy computer on duty in the factory only had the Lightning Sweeper Poker to play chess! Why did he have to be smarter!

Alright, keep calm!

Katerina had said before that as a pirate who robbed merchant ships, one had to be a qualified merchant first. Only by understanding the habits and thoughts of merchants could one intercept them in the waters where merchants were most likely to appear.

In other words, if I were a Viking pirate, would I do this? F*ck! Do I even need to think about it? Of course, I'll block them near the terminal! A monk can run, but a temple can't run. In this vast North Sea, there's only one station nearby, Fire Dragon Island. Even if the Vikings are thinking with their butts, they would know that my fleet's target is Fire Dragon Island. Then, the easiest way is to guard the vicinity of Fire Dragon Island. The search range is small, so it's useless no matter how I detour!

What the heck, it's like this, it has to be like this! Da Fei, who suddenly understood what was going on, felt his balls shatter! Damn it, if I had three ships of Druids, thousands of Flower Goblins, and hundreds of Forest Goddesses, why would I be afraid of Viking pirates? I would be able to kill all the gods and ghosts along the way! The problem is that there are no soldiers! Even if I really have three ships of Druids, do I really have the confidence to fight the legendary Viking in this godforsaken sea?

I don't have any confidence at all! This mission that I accepted is already ahead of time. It's not something that can be solved with brute force!

Finally, Da Fei came up with an idea!

Da Fei ordered the flag-bearers to gather the fleet for another meeting.

Da Fei said to everyone, "We're about to reach our destination, but our enemies are most likely ambushing us near Fire Dragon Island. This is the final test, so I came up with an idea. Split up into two groups! I'll drive my fast boat to Fire Dragon Island to get reinforcements. You guys stay nearby and don't enter the harbor. Wait for me to call for reinforcements to come and help everyone!"

Katerina asked in surprise, "Why do you think there must be reinforcements?"

Da Fei said seriously, "Based on the tracking of the albatross a few days ago, it means that the Vikings were planning to kill us on the way. This means that the Vikings don't want to go near Fire Dragon Island. This means that there are powerful guards on Fire Dragon Island that the Vikings are afraid of."

Cortner was surprised. "How can the captain guarantee that he can invite them?"

Da Fei took out a few hundred thick receipts and sighed. "If they are really living a miserable life, they will definitely not give up on these goods."

Spielberg asked, "How can Captain ensure that he can safely break through the Viking blockade and reach Fire Dragon Island?"

Da Fei turned around and looked at Alicia. "Can you do it?"

Anricia let out a long sigh. “Who knows?”

Da Fei sighed. "It doesn't matter even if something happens to me. It's just a loss of 300 units. It's not a big deal. But at least I know where the Vikings are hiding. It's equivalent to indirectly drawing away the Vikings' ambush and creating an opportunity for our ship to enter the harbor!"

That's right, even if he died, he would definitely be revived on the flagship of the fleet. At that time, the fleet would be able to immediately enter the port. Of course, it would be best if he didn't die. This ship was no longer as valuable as before!

Everyone nodded. "Looks like that's the only way. Then we wish Captain success!"

Now, there was nothing left to explain. Da Fei's ship left the fleet and headed to Fire Dragon Island alone.