Chapter 211: The Divine Artifact That Converts Souls

There were countless advantages to being a giant octopus. For example, unlike other sea monsters that had to reveal their bodies when attacking water ships, the octopus was already in an invincible position. At the same time, its soft organism's characteristics allowed it to hide in some inconceivable narrow gaps and launch an ambush. It could also change its color and disguise itself. If it could not defeat the enemy, it could spray ink and run away at any time.

It could be said that the giant octopus was a ninja amongst the sea monsters. It was a combination of high attack speed and wretchedness. It was the nightmare of all sailors!

However, there was only one shortcoming. It was a soft animal! It could not be beaten! This shortcoming was its fatal weakness!

Now, the giant octopus that was trapped in the net had lost the initiative, its defeat was certain.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! As another volley of ballistae was fired, the violent splashing of the water stopped abruptly!

— System Message: Congratulations, you have killed the leader Giant Octopus Monster! You have won the battle! You have gained 2,000,000 EXP! You have obtained the loot: "Giant Octopus Ships Head", you have obtained the special item "Octopus Egg".

— System Message: You have obtained incomplete information about the leader-level octopus monster.

— Giant Octopus Ships Head Statue: [B] Class Strategy Treasure. Equipped with a statue at the bow of a large ship. It can expel octopuses to protect the ship from the octopus sea monsters.

— Octopus Egg: Sea product. It can breed octopuses in a fishery near the sea. Octopuses are delicious food that is popular in the market.

The entire fleet erupted into enthusiastic cheers.

Another avatar explosion! Another seafood explosion! More importantly, I saved my mission! Da Fei laughed out loud!

Spielberg smiled and sighed. "It's a pity that there are no more cabins. Otherwise, such a large octopus could be sold for a lot of money."

Da Fei laughed and said, "It's okay. We'll just drag it along like this! Who knows, we might be able to drag it to Fire Dragon Island and sell it for a sum of money?" Just like when he was fishing for the Great White Shark.

Spielberg nodded. "That's right. If it were any other sea area, it might stink up before long, but this is an ice ocean, so it's perfect for preserving freshness."

As they spoke, the sailors began to organize the fish nets that had been broken through. They also knocked on the fish nets that had been deformed by the octopus' enormous strength.

Spielberg smiled and sighed. "Two fishing nets can't be used anymore. Fortunately, our fleet has strong firepower. Otherwise, God knows what we would find if we let it break free. I don't know if there are any workshops that repair fishing nets on Fire Dragon Island. This is a special fishing net. It's not easy to mend."

Dafei's eyebrows twitched!

Could it be that this fishing net was so awesome? It turned out to be a special fishing net! Indeed, how could there be so many hooks in an ordinary fishing net? It was indeed a powerful weapon against sea monsters! Da Fei suddenly thought of the three bundles of golden spider silk on SV Fly. Those were treasure-level nets. They were definitely not on the same level as this kind of fishing net. If he equipped them and made them special, wouldn't he not be afraid of sea monsters in the future?

Da Fei quickly asked, "I also want to install a fishing rack on the ship. I also have a net made of extremely good material. I also want to create such a special fishing net. Sir, do you know where there's a way?"

Spielberg laughed and said, "Of course it's the Union Fisherman's Guild. That's the department where fishing licenses are issued to fishermen, and it's also the department that buys fish products. There are the best craftsmen in the Union there. However, if you want to obtain special fishing nets, you'll have a higher reputation in the Guild. Of course, with the Captain's ability, there won't be any problems."

Da Fei nodded. "I see. Looks like I'll have to go back and take a look."

In the game, going out to sea was not only for merchants, but also for fishing. The fishing license was similar to a merchant's sailing license. However, the application for a fishing license was quite troublesome. It seemed like one needed to accept a fishing mission and catch all kinds of fish to prove that they were qualified as fishermen. The NPC Chamber of Commerce would not buy fish without a fishing license. For example, Da Fei could not sell this big octopus.

At this moment…

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, used the Sea Soul Fighter to absorb the soul of the Octopus Leader!

Da Fei was shocked. Absorbing souls! The special skill of a God-grade equipment was working! What was the use of this special skill?

Da Fei hurriedly returned to his own ship. At this moment, Alicia was waving her wand excitedly at him. "Look! Look, there's something fun!"

Dafei said in surprise, "What's fun?"

Anlicia pointed at the glass ball at the top of her staff. Suddenly, there was a small octopus swimming around inside the ball. Was this the soul of a giant octopus?

Da Fei hurriedly checked the attributes of the Sea Soul Battle Armor:

— Sea Soul Battle Armor: Divine Weapon, + 20 Mana, + 20 Knowledge, can absorb the souls of the creatures that died in the sea battle. Absorbing the souls of high-level leader-level creatures + 1. Absorption Transformation: Currently obtained + 25 Mana.

Da Fei was shocked! Absorb and convert? Transform the soul into magic power? If that was the case, wouldn't this thing become a mana battery? Wouldn't there be no need to worry about magic power in the future? In other words, Serbia could continuously use magic power during big battles? What the heck! A Priest who could continuously cast spells was totally heaven-defying! As expected of a divine weapon! However, just absorbing and transforming? This can't be called a divine weapon, right? It should have some meaning, right?

Alicia said in a low voice again, "Captain, it's said that creatures whose souls have been absorbed can't use resurrection spells!"

Da Fei was shocked again! No way! He was just thinking that Serbia could revive without any qualms in the future. Wasn't this a scam? This wand did not say that it could not differentiate between friend and foe, right? It meant that it could absorb anything that died in battle?

Holy f*ck! What a scam!

As mentioned previously, Hero Genesis was a game that encouraged players to PK with all their might. Hence, the godly skill Revival (Dark Revival) could be used if it was reduced to Master-level Light Magic (Dark Magic). The intention was that the victor would receive the greatest compensation after the tragic battle, while the loser would lose all their hard-earned money. Therefore, in order to win, players had to give it their all. Therefore, this game was designated as a baller game from the start.

On the other hand, when the Hell Race's corpse was burnt, the Undead Race's corpse explosion skill could be said to be extremely evil (players called it the "female corpse"). Once this skill was used, the corpse would not be able to revive and would be widely criticized by players for being despicable.

Now that this God Tool had appeared, it was more than just shameless! There were also conditions for burning corpses or exploding corpses, which meant that one had to come into contact with or approach the corpses, as well as protect them. However, this God Tool was clearly effective on the entire battlefield, and would absorb the corpses as soon as they died. How could they defend against this?

Of course, it did not matter if he killed others, but he would be angry if he killed himself! His soldiers were all from the Rare Elite troops! For a moment, Da Fei was in deep pain. It seemed that God-grade weapons had to be used in a particular way. Just like the hourglass of misfortune, there were pros and cons. He could only try his best to reduce his own drawbacks.

But how was he going to reduce it? Either he would not suffer any casualties, or he would not bring any soldiers with him? Or would he just put them in his bag and not equip them? Forget it, I won't think about it anymore. At least, the sailors on the fleet were not Rare Elites. If they died, so be it.

Now that the fleet had finished packing, they set off again in the night.