Chapter 215: Xiao Li'S First Bucket Of Gold

As the boss chased them with a murderous aura, Xiaofang and Xiaoli ran into the shining hole and a shiny treasure chest appeared in front of them!

Xiaofang's eyes narrowed in shock. "Oh my god, a huge treasure chest! We found the hidden treasure chest of the dungeon!"

At that moment, a thick spike suddenly emerged from the ground!

Ah! Xiaofang let out a blood-curdling scream!

Xiaofang shouted anxiously in the dormitory, "Hurry, hurry up and open the treasure chest!"

Xiao Li said in surprise, "How?"

"Charge up and touch it!!!"

— System Message: Congratulations! You have discovered the random treasure vault of the guild instance dungeon!

— System Message: Since you are the first player to discover the Random Treasure Vault of the Graystone Town Abandoned Mine dungeon, the Random Treasure Vault reward will be doubled!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have discovered a Super Treasure Chest. You received 20,000 gold coins, 200,000 EXP, C-rank Strategic Treasure Traveler Boots, C-rank Strategic Treasure Captain's Sleeve Mark. [This text is from] received additional reward Book of Skills + 1, and Book of Life + 1.

— Traveler's Boots: C-rank Strategy Treasure. Increases Hero troops' marching speed by 20%. Effect overlaps with Logistics Skill.

— Captain's Sleeve Marker: C-level Strategy Treasure, Increases Hero Command Power by 30 points.

— Skill Book: You can obtain a Skill Point after using it, or it can be used by the sub-hero.

— Book of Life: You can obtain 20 Health Points after using it, or it can be used by the sub-hero.

• • •

Before Xiao Li could see the large row of system notifications, a huge rock whistled in from the entrance! Bang! Xiao Li’s vision turned black as she realized that this was the first time she had died!

"Picked it up! Picked it up! Picked it up!" Xiaofang, who was in the dormitory, anxiously took off her helmet and rushed to Xiaoli, shaking her shoulders wildly!

Xiao Li replied, "I think there's something else for 20,000 gold coins, but I think I'm dead!"

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "We're rich! We're rich! I'm not lying to you, right? I've only brought you into the game for less than half an hour and you're already earning money!"

Xiao Li also said excitedly, "How much can 20,000 gold coins be sold for? 4,000?"

Xiaofang laughed and put on her helmet. "That's a small sum! Let me see what the rest are!"

The Random Treasure Vault referred to the hidden treasure chests in the dungeons. In the same dungeon, the location of the treasure chests would be different every time they entered. The rewards of a high-level player opening a treasure chest would also be different from a low-level player opening a treasure chest. This was also the most important embodiment of the value of dungeons. It was an important setting for high and low-level players to "never get tired of playing" and "get drunk".

However, the difficulty of finding the random treasure vault was no different from receiving a hidden mission. The players' observation skills, egg pain, and especially luck all had extremely high requirements. Basically, they could only be chanced upon by luck.

• • •

In the Graystone Town church square, white light flashed continuously. All the members of the Ninth Heaven’s Wasteland Reclaimers Regiment’s 4th Regiment were resurrected one after another. The instigators, the beauties Xue Wei, looked as if it had nothing to do with them as they watched coldly from the side.

At this moment, Shen Yan was reporting the situation to the guild leader. "Boss, please! Next time, arrange for the beauties to go to another group. I can't afford to have such good luck with women!"

The God Emperor sighed. "Brother, it's really hard on you! But bear with it for now. With your temper, you can suppress the evil."

"Suppress my ass!"

But at that moment, the cathedral square flashed with white light. Instant Fanghua and the harem’s beauties appeared one after another. The Blood Vixen and the other women glanced sideways in ridicule and were immediately stunned!

Golden light kept flashing above the head of that account called "harem beauties". It was a continuous upgrade!

That's right, when Little Li opened the treasure chest, she died after receiving 200,000 experience points. After reviving, of course, she would continue to level up! 200,000 experience points instantly raised Little Li to level 10!

The entire team was in an uproar!

Shen Yan's brows twitched. He stepped forward and asked, "What's the situation?"

Xiao Li raised her head and looked at the tall regiment commander. She lowered her head and didn't know what to say.

Xiaofang laughed and said, "Sorry, just now, the mining truck smashed out a treasure vault. Boss killed the lowest level one like her in the end and let her pick up the treasure chest."

"Treasure chest!" The entire team was shocked! The Blood Verdict beauties were in disbelief!

Shen Yan was calm and collected. He widened his eyes and asked in shock, "What did you get? What did you get?"

Xiaofang laughed in the dormitory. "Honey, show them Stickers! It's a big guild, so there's no need to hide it!"

Xiao Li said, "Oh, how?"

"That's all for now, that's all…"

When Xiao Li publicly displayed her gains, the entire team exploded! Nothing else mattered. The key was the Book of Skills! Especially in the later stages, when it was difficult to level up and enter Ascension, to fill up all the skills required special missions and Skill Books that rewarded Skill Points! However, the missions that rewarded Skill Points could not be compared to Skill Books. After all, the later stages of the sub-hero growth were truly as difficult as ascending to heaven!

Shen Yan immediately reacted and closed his jaw, speaking incoherently, "Sell me! Sell me! Sell me the Book of Skills!!!"

Xiaofang laughed. "Sure! If it wasn't for the captain, we wouldn't have been able to get there. Just name your price!"

Shen Yan's expression was ferocious as he stretched out his trembling hand and spread open his five fingers! For a moment, the entire audience was in awe!

Xiaoli said in surprise, "500?"

Shen Yan let out a long breath and said shyly, "Five thousand, five thousand…"

Xiao Li widened her eyes in shock. "Five, five thousand!!!"

Xiaofang sighed and pouted in disappointment. "5,000…"

Shen Yan's eyelids twitched as he withdrew his three fingers and gritted his teeth. "Then eight thousand, eight thousand!!!"

Xiao Li's eyebrows jumped. "Eight thousand!!"

The entire venue was silent!

Xiaofang chuckled. "8,000 then. The regiment commander is the one who has the most work. What do you think, Honey?"

Xiao Li nodded hurriedly. "Sure, sure!"

Shen Yan clenched his fist in excitement. “Thank you! Thank you, beautiful lady! What is your account number? I’ll transfer money to any bank you want!”

Xiaofang laughed and said, "Wifey, do you have a gold digger account?"

Xiaoli said in surprise, "No."

Xiaofang smiled and said, "Then take this opportunity to apply for a new account. Please wait a moment, Regiment Commander."

Shen Yan immediately said, "It's fine, it's fine!" Then, he said to the surrounding members, "Dismissed! Dismissed!"

“Guild Leader, are we not going to have a general meeting of failure?”

Shen Yan waved his hand impatiently and said, "Failure is the mother of success. I'm done talking. Let's go and do what we need to do!"

For a moment, the boos from the crowd dispersed.

In Xue Wei's workshop, the pretty girls' expressions were rather ugly.

What the hell was this? They had been wiped out and he had been buried along with them. However, he had still benefited from them.

Big Sis Zhou gave a cold smile, "Alright, beauties, go do what you need to do!"

Xue Weiqi said angrily, "The more I think about it, the more unhappy I feel! I refuse to accept this!"

Zhou Qing shook his head and chuckled, “Then let’s adjust our mood a bit. Tomorrow, Xingchen’s Little Pig will come to our city to develop. Do you know who Little Pig is?”

The girls were surprised. "The fourth-ranked Griffin Breeder?"

Xue Weiqi's brows twitched. "Big Sister, are you saying that we intentionally got close to Xing Chen to anger the Ninth Heaven?"

Zhou Qing chuckled. “It doesn’t matter what others think. In any case, everyone just does what they need to do!”

All of them laughed heartily. "Got it, this is called returning the favor!"

• • •

When she saw the 8,000 yuan in her new online Taobao account, Xiao Li rubbed her eyes in disbelief. "I've only played for half an hour and I've already earned 8,000 yuan!"

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "Tch! Don't be smug. You have to pay me back for buying the machine!"

Xiao Li laughed and said, "I'm already your kept wife, what's there to return!"

Xiaofang was surprised. "So you're so greedy? Why didn't you give me any face when so many young masters were looking for you?"

Xiao Li's face darkened. "The money you earn yourself is not the same as the money others give you!"

Xiaofang laughed and said, "I see! Do you want to earn more money?"

Xiao Li nodded excitedly. "Isn't that obvious? Do you believe that I'll provide for you with more money in the future?"

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "I beg the rich lady to provide for me!"

At this moment, Shen Yan, who had gotten the Skill Book as he wished, chuckled and said, "Thank you both. If you need anything in the future, you can let me know. Is it convenient to add each other as friends?"

Xiaofang laughed and said, "How honored is it to be friends with the leader of Ninth Heaven?"

Shen Yan smiled shyly. "When the next dungeon's cooldown is done, let me know if the two of you are free to come. I don't have any other abilities, but it's not a problem to lead a team."

Xiaofang laughed and said, "No problem, it would be best if there were a few more accidents today!"

Shen Yan shook his head, smiled, and sighed. "That can't be helped. Alright, I'm going to level up. Excuse me!"

"Captain, take your time!"

After Shen Yan left, Xiao Li chuckled and said, "As expected of the Queen, seducing men at the first opportunity. This man who can make our Queen admire him must be a top expert in the game, right?"

Xiaofang smiled faintly. "This is called having connections, understand? It doesn't have to be the strongest. If you want to talk about the strongest man…" Xiaofang's face sank and she smiled coldly. "I do know that the strongest man is the nemesis of those splashing people! It's just that we haven't had the chance to meet him. If we do, we have to befriend him. Disgust those splashing people to death. They tried to disgust us today but failed. In the future, we have to make them go back!"

Xiao Li said with a bitter smile, "As expected of the Queen, she doesn't suffer any losses at all. Oh right, who's the strongest man?"

Xiaofang shook her head. "Dafei! The national server is publicly the strongest. His character is recognized as the worst. He is known as the world's worst!"

Xiao Li said in surprise, "You dare to befriend such a person?"

Xiaofang laughed and said, "What's there to be afraid of playing games? As long as we don't meet in person, there won't be a problem." Following that, she said in a deep voice, "The early stages of the game are very precious. The early stages are also the easiest to earn money. During this period of time, I have to do something big. Are you willing to stay up late with me?"

Xiao Li said in surprise, "What kind of spending is that?"

Xiaofang said seriously, "I want to take on an epic project to cut into the sea canal. Once this project succeeds, the eight thousand yuan will be nothing. Are you willing?"

Xiao Li smiled coldly. "It's just staying up late. If you can do it, so can I."

Xiaofang laughed heartily. “As expected of my wife, come and kiss your wife!”