Chapter 216: The Viking Reconnaissance Veteran?

Renoir had once said that although a Voyager was a risky and exciting profession, it was also a boring profession. Most of the time, the navy members faced an endless ocean day after day.

Fortunately, the System did not seem to make Da Fei feel bored.

On the seventh day of the voyage, another unknown red dot approached the fleet. There was nothing else to say. Skila transformed and set off—get lost! Then he successfully obtained 100,000 EXP.

On the eighth day of the voyage, a strange and faint singing voice floated over from the ice ocean. There was nothing else to say, so it continued to transform into Skila and roar! The singing stopped abruptly, and he received another 200,000 EXP.

On the ninth day of the voyage, more unknown sea monsters passed by and continued to be expelled.

Da Fei could no longer figure out whether these sea monsters were sent by the S Class Chamber of Commerce on a mission or by the Resurrection Mission sea monsters. In short, in front of Skila, they were all scum who fled at the sight of the wind! He did not expect that his greatest enemy had become his guardian angel. This was truly a change in the world. Da Fei sighed with emotion.

Every time Skila's illusion appeared, the black color on Skila's body would increase. It was getting closer to Skila's original form. This gave Da Fei endless anticipation. He was looking forward to completely replicating Skila's original form to advance to God-grade Arcana!

It was the 10th day of the flight. In reality, it was 3 am. Da Fei had not slept for more than 24 hours in a row, and his eyelids were constantly twitching.

He wanted to sleep, but he did not dare to! Running across the ocean was actually such a torment! Da Fei felt that time was not on his side. Back then, when he was playing the game, what was three days and three nights? At the end of the day, his adjutant was not good enough! If Katerina was on the ship, he could still force himself to wear his helmet and sleep.

Hm, wait a minute! I can still give it to Alicia, right? Before entering the ice ocean, I was worried that she wouldn’t have enough skills. If she didn’t meet the requirements of the flagship, she would definitely fall behind. But it’s different now. In this endless sea of floating ice, the fleet’s speed can’t be any slower. They won’t fall behind no matter what, right?

Da Fei called for Alicia. "You performed very well. It's time for you to take charge of the ship alone. Are you confident?"

Alicia let out a long sigh. "If you want to rest, just say so! Don't worry, go ahead!" After saying that, she pushed Da Fei away from the steering wheel and excitedly fiddled with the steering wheel from left to right like a child driving a toy car in an amusement park.

Da Fei did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Alright, alright. You're a genius. Nothing must happen to you!"

Alicia snorted. "It's none of my business! It's Captain's fault for using people!"

— System Message: You have changed Alicia's deputy position to first mate.

Da Fei heaved a long sigh of relief. The alarm for the incident was activated. Then, the game character draped a blanket over himself and went to sleep in the corner of the cockpit. Of course, he was prepared to be woken up every one or two hours.

Hence, Da Fei woke up and went to sleep. He woke up in a daze and stayed awake until dawn. He ordered an egg, beef, and noodles takeout, ate two mouthfuls, and then went back to sleep. Then, during lunch time, he was woken up by the sea monster's alarm. Then, he ordered a takeaway box. He squatted in the toilet with his helmet on while eating. Then, he slept again.

In short, after tossing and turning until 5pm in the afternoon, Da Fei finally washed his face, brushed his teeth, and got a grip on himself. It was already the 16th day of the flight. He should be able to reach tomorrow noon after staying up all night, right?

Damn it. Playing a game is really too hard! Other people's long distance passenger cars all have two or three drivers swapping shifts with each other. Who can swap shifts with me? Tsk! I don't trust the players' partners. Hang in there, wait for me to train Alicia into a Voyager to take over my job!

On the 17th day, the dark clouds that had lingered for many days vanished, and the sky was clear and boundless. The sunlight shone on the countless floating icebergs in the icy ocean, emitting a dazzling radiance. Under the sunlight, the icy cold wind seemed to carry a trace of warmth.

Unconsciously, the sailors began to do their exercises on the deck. Anlicia, who had been tired from taking over for several days, also wrapped herself in her winter coat and slept on the windowsill where the sun shone in.

It was such a rare sunny day. She really didn't want any sea monsters to come and disturb them.

Suddenly, Da Fei realized that there was a small yellow dot on his radar! Yellow dot? On the radar, green dot meant friendly creatures, red dot meant hostile creatures or aggressive creatures. Yellow dot meant neutral creatures. Generally speaking, yellow dot meant animal. Since it was shown on the radar, it meant that the animal was not small.

Da Fei looked in the direction of the yellow dot. He could not see it! A diving sea monster? Da Fei once again confirmed the coordinates of the yellow dot. The Z value of the sea surface was 0. The Z value of the sea monster was usually 0 or negative. However, this yellow dot was not negative, but the value was huge. In the sky?

Da Fei looked up. The sun was so bright that he could not see it. Where was it? Did that mean that the yellow dot was flying quite high? Perhaps it was facing the sun so that he could not see it?

However, it was easy to deal with as long as they were not hostile creatures. Usually, birds were rarely seen in the depths of the ocean. If one could see them, it meant that they were close to land.

Da Fei took out the sea map and checked his schedule. It seemed like he was still in the ocean. There were no land or decent islands nearby. Could it be that there were hidden islands that were not discovered on the map waiting for players to discover? Damn, I'm so busy, I don't have such a headache.

The fleet continued forward. The afternoon sun became warmer, and the sailors became more excited.

Fire Dragon Island was frozen for ten months a year. Now, the ice and snow had just melted for two months. The floating iceberg floating on the Ice Ocean was naturally the product of melting ice. However, Da Fei was a little strange. Since the sailing period was so short and important, why did the Alliance not organize a large-scale fleet to transport supplies? Otherwise, why was he the only fleet along the way? Could it be that the Fire Dragon Island before the other trip was really so troublesome that no fleet was willing to take over? Or was Fire Dragon Island not important in the Alliance? But the fat military officer said that it was the place to seal the dragon. It should be very important, right?

Suddenly, Da Fei realized that he had made a huge mistake. He did not collect more information about Fire Dragon Island!

At this moment, Da Fei realized that the yellow dot on the radar was still there. What's going on? That yellow dot has been following me? Although there are some dolphin seagulls who like to follow the ship, it's not right for such a big unknown creature to like to follow the ship, right?

Da Fei was instantly alert. He took out his binoculars and looked into the sky again, but he still could not see! The sunlight blinded Da Fei's eyes!

Da Fei was shocked! Something was wrong! If he could not see it in the morning, it was because it happened to be in the position of the sun. However, it was already afternoon, and it was still blocking the sun? To be precise, it was always between the fleet and the sun. This way, no matter when he looked at it, he would be blinded by the sunlight! This was definitely not a normal animal, right?

In Beiyang, what other dangers could there be other than the Floating Ice Sea Monsters?

Da Fei hurriedly called for the flag-bearer. "Inform the flagship that something is flying above us. Who knows what it is? It has been following us since morning!"

Not long after, the flag-bearer came in and reported, "Captain, they didn't see anything flying!"

What the heck! Da Fei hurriedly climbed onto the observation platform and became the Navigator again. Instantly, the entire fleet shared Da Fei's God-grade vision!

"Did you see that!? I know you can't see it, and neither can I. Guess what it is!"

The messenger immediately said, "Captain, the Whale Catcher has sent a message. It might be a faithful celestial being!"

An albatross? It was indeed a large seabird! The problem was—

Da Fei anxiously said, "The problem is, is there such an awesome albatross? An albatross who can block the sun at all times?"

"Captain, the flagship has sent a message. It might be the legendary Viking pirates!"

Da Fei's eyelids jumped. Viking pirates!? In the game information on the official website, there were a few large pirate forces: Barren Island pirates, Innocent Pirates, Blood-Sail pirates, Blood Raider pirates, and New Caribbean pirates of the New World Pirate King. However, there were indeed no Viking pirates! To a certain extent, as a believer of Odin in the Northern European mythology, Vikings were no longer mortal!

As an expert, Da Fei knew that everything the NPC said was more or less based on what it said. It was the embodiment of the system revealing information. In short, if the NPC said there was, then there was! Skila Illusion was good for sea monsters, but it was hard to say when it came to pirates.

Dafei shouted anxiously, "Meeting! Meeting!"

Now, Da Fei's ship and Spielberg's dinghy were leaning against the Wings of Light.

At this moment, Little Cortner came to the escalator and shouted anxiously, "Captain, according to legend, Viking pirates have the ability to tame albatrosses as scouts! The albatross who uses the sun to hide himself must have undergone special training. It's very likely to be a Viking! And this is the legendary sea where Vikings roam!"

Spielberg frowned and said, "But Viking pirates only exist in legends! No one has seen them for a thousand years."

Little Cortner said anxiously, "That's because everyone who saw them is dead!"

Spielberg said in a low voice, "Is there any basis?"

Little Cortner fell silent. "I only know that Northern Ocean is very dangerous."

I won't say anything else! I'd rather believe that there is. If the NPC says there is, then there is! Da Fei said in a low voice, "If they are Vikings, what's their next step?"

Little Cortner said in a daze, "Of course, they are blocking our way or chasing us from behind! After all, there are no islands nearby. It's hard to believe that there are Viking bases, so they need to travel a long distance to track us."

Spielberg frowned and said, "Legend has it that the Vikings are unimaginably powerful. The floating ice here is a good place for their famous rowers to ambush and hide. Once we encounter them, we will definitely lose!"

So that's how it is! I've worked so hard to get this far, I definitely won't turn back!

Looking at the setting sun that was gradually setting in the west, Da Fei made a prompt decision. "Once night falls, our fleet will change direction and take a detour!"

I don't believe that I won't be able to hide in the vast sea even if I can't defeat them.