Chapter 214: Internal War In The Instance Dungeon

Instant Fanghua joining the team instantly caused an uproar in the Blood Wei Workshop.

"Big Sister! What does this God Sovereign mean? We are cooperating with them in the Wasteland Reclaimers. When did we become their workers?"

"That's right. It's one thing to bring people, but to bring this splashman! Why did their guild's Wasteland Reclaimers choose our team? What does he want? He knows that we don't get along with this splashman, right?"

"Also, what does this Level 1 nickname mean by 'harem beauties'? Does it mean something?"

"Ha! Don't you know what a man is thinking?"

Big Sister Zhou Qing was busy with the construction of the merchant guild at the harbor and wasn’t in the group. When she found out about the situation, she couldn’t help but be stunned for a moment. Then, she gave a cold laugh and said, “All of you, shut up and pretend that they don’t exist. Just do what you need to do. Don’t ruin our workshop’s technical standards and make a fool of yourself.”

The sisters said angrily, "Got it."

Zhou Qing had roughly guessed the Divine Emperor’s intentions. Supporting our enemies in front of us, hoping that we would feel pressured? How laughable! Did he really think of himself as an emperor? Did he really want to treat us as concubines fighting for favor in the harem? A man’s thoughts were so simple! How many rich young masters couldn’t do that, but he was just a game player?

Although he was very disdainful, Zhou Qing’s mood had become even worse. It was as if he had not been happy for a few days since he had entered this game!

Speaking of which, Instant Fanghua and Blood Vision Studio shouldn't have any conflicts, especially when one was doing business in the harbor while the other was doing business in the mainland. The other was a team that focused on fighting, while the other was a person who played around with management. However, things didn't stop there. There were always players who wished for the whole world to be in chaos and stir up trouble on the forums, such as' Blood Viewing the Birds', 'Star Goddess', 'Feiyan Steps', beating all of them up. Individuals' Instant Fanghua alone was equivalent to all of their assets'. With this, the enmity between them was stabilized, and the entire Blood Vision Studio exploded in anger!

Needless to say, Bu Feiyan had a strong backer and many fans. Xue Wei could not do anything to her, but what did a single player like Instant Fanghua count for? Xue Wei's fans scolded her badly on the forums.

However, very quickly, Xue Wei realized that things had gone out of control. Some of the 'fans' who had criticized her were too powerful and shameless. As a result, they had affected Xue Wei's image. They were definitely not fans! They were definitely using the name of fans to ruin Xue Wei's image. Therefore, Xue Wei contacted the moderator of the forum to handle the matter immediately. Although this matter quickly died down, it had indeed caused deep trauma to Instant Fanghua's pure, young, and kind heart.

This is what the internet is like. The low cost of being ostentatious has troubled many big names.

The only celebrity who was not troubled was probably Da Fei. The criticism on the forum did not change his mind. He was still carefree as a bad guy.

Now, after listening to Xiao Fang’s complaints, Xiao Li had more or less understood the conflict between the two sides. A seed of hatred had been planted in her young heart. However, with Xiao Fang’s sharp and unkind personality, she was definitely not the kind of person who would only be scolded but not rebuked. Xiao Li would not believe that Xiao Fang did not have any responsibility at all.

— Team channel Shen Yan: Very good. Now that everyone is here, let's enter the dungeon.

— System Message: You have obtained the shared Guild instance dungeon quest, “Graystone Town Mine Cleansing”.

Xiaofang said, "It's starting. Stay with me. Don't go anywhere."

“Got it.”

Everyone entered the pit. There was a large door in the pit that was tightly shut. After the regiment commander, Shen Yan, handed the pass to the guards at the door, the door opened and a spatial gate appeared. Everyone entered in a line.

In this game, dungeons couldn't be cleared just because you wanted to. You had to accept quests. You had to use gold coins or Reputation Points to exchange for a Dungeon Entry Pass. You also had to drop Dungeon Entry Keys from certain monsters in the wild. Some especially high-end Dungeon Keys had to be dropped from particularly strong Bosses. This setting effectively prevented the traditional online gaming studio's dungeon gold farming teams and materials farming teams. It effectively protected the gaming market and also greatly increased the value of dungeons.

At the same time, the number of players entering the dungeon was not calculated by the number of players, but by the number of heroes entering the dungeon. For example, this pit dungeon was a 50-hero team dungeon, which meant that players, along with their sub-heroes, could only enter 50 people at most. The main goal of the big guilds was to increase the level of players. Unless it was a particularly strong sub-hero, players were not allowed to bring sub-heroes into the dungeon.

Instance dungeons were also divided into battlefield dungeons and adventure dungeons. Battlefield dungeons were, of course, especially grand scenes. The number of soldiers a player team could bring would be as many as the number of soldiers they had. Therefore, it was common for a hundred-player team in the later stages to have tens of thousands of soldiers. And adventure dungeons were the current situation. Each player could not bring more than 10 troops.

Now, as the team entered the dungeon, a spacious and empty underground cave appeared in front of the players. Even though each player could not bring more than 10 people with them, there were still 400 to 500 soldiers in a 50-man team. It was a magnificent sight.

Xiaoli, who was in the game for the first time, could not help but exclaim. Of course, this was also Xiaofang's first time entering this dungeon, but as an old bird, she could not make such a big fuss.

Xiaofang chuckled and said, "This is an instance dungeon. It looks like a small hill outside. The moment you enter the Dimension Portal, it is a completely different world. The space is so big that it is beyond your imagination."

Xiao Li said, "Oh, I see."

— Team Channel Divine Flames: Everyone, line up according to the original plan. Team One is responsible for clearing the area on the left. Team Two is responsible for clearing the area on the right. The main team will charge through the middle gate. Miss Sudden Youth will follow the main team's ammunition cart. That place is the safest.

Xiaofang laughed and quickly said, "Got it, sorry to trouble everyone."

Shen Yan continued, "…Xue Wei's team members are still responsible for patching up the loopholes. We brought two people this time, so the loopholes are slightly bigger. You guys have to be careful."

"Tsk!" Xue Wei's ladies snorted coldly. Shen Yan's heart sank, and he had a bad feeling about this. To be honest, Xue Wei's attitude had truly disappointed him. If it were him, he would naturally take the opportunity to greet her. At the very least, he would show the magnate of a large guild.

Forget it. If you expect a woman to act like a man, then that woman is not a woman anymore. In short, no matter what dissatisfaction they have, as long as they obey orders, it's fine. Otherwise, don't blame the team leader for being rude. A good team can be scolded. This is the principle of Shen Yanxiao's team.

• • •

Now, the team members took their positions and the battle began. Xiaofang also pointed and talked non-stop about the various tactics of the various classes and weapons.

At this moment, the tactics used by the Wasteland Reclaimers were the standard human formation tactics, which were the first row of Level 3 Shield Specialists, the second row of Level 1 Long Spear Specialists, and the long-range Archers in the middle of the crowd. The square formation was in a straight line, eliminating the small monsters. The progress was smooth and unstoppable.

Very quickly, Xiao Li discovered the problem. "Why is their spearmen different?"

"Not the same?" Xiaofang was only focused on guiding Xiaoli when she noticed that the 10 pikemen of their regiment commander, Shen Yan, were really different from the other players' pikemen. The armor was bright, and not only did the pike grow out quite a lot! No, it had more than doubled! How could such a long pike make a turn? It was inconvenient to walk, right?

Of course, Xiaofang wasn't someone who pretended to know when she didn't. When she encountered something new, she wouldn't hesitate to ask about it. Thus, she asked a member beside her, "What kind of soldiers are the regiment commander's spearmen? Why are they so long?"

The team member laughed. "The captain's gun is not only long but also thick!"

"Don't talk nonsense!" Another member kicked him and said, "These are Dragon Spear Soldiers, our regiment commander's trump card. One of them is at the level of a Rank 6 soldier, able to slay dragons in the air. As for Earthquake Cavalry soldiers, they are usually unwilling to take them out. This time, it was to welcome Miss Instant Fanghua with a grand welcome."

Dragon Spear Soldiers! This was the first time she had heard of them! Xiaofang was overwhelmed by the favor and said, "These soldiers must be very precious, right? What if they die?"

The other member laughed and said, "In order to welcome you, the death of a few soldiers is nothing. Don't be fooled by our regiment commander's stern expression. The flames in his heart are burning!"

— Team Channel Divine Flames: Silence!

The two team members winked at Xiaofang and laughed, then stopped talking.

As one of the three largest guilds in the China server, Ninth Heaven, the leader of the Wasteland Reclaimers undoubtedly represented the highest level of players in the China server. It was obviously impossible for them to not have any good stuff. This was also why the Ninth Heaven Wasteland Reclaimers dared to bring new players.

It was obvious that the two of them had conveyed the goodwill of the guild to give Xiaofang face. Xiaofang enjoyed it greatly, especially since their voices were so loud that even the regiment commander in front could hear them. There was no reason for Xue Wei to not hear them. The difference in treatment was just one word. Awesome!

Hence, Xiaofang was laughing loudly in the dormitory. "Wifey, did you see that? This is my style! I'll anger those people to death, ahahaha!"

"That's right, that's right. The Queen is mighty."

Was Xue Wei's studio angry? No! Definitely not! Being angry meant being jealous, fighting for favor, and losing! Who couldn't tell that they were putting on a show for them? Why did they have to put on a show for them? They were important to them! In a group of women, it was foolish to specially flatter a woman unless a man didn't want to start a harem. But would a man be the kind of creature that would give up a forest for a tree? Obviously not.

Therefore, the Blood Wei beauties, who understood what was going on, acted as if nothing had happened and turned a blind eye to it. They laughed coldly in their hearts. However, not being angry did not mean that they would not feel unhappy.

Hence, the leader, Xue Wei, Qiqi, chuckled in the studio. "Big Sister, I think they're too complacent. Should we teach them a lesson?"

All the ladies agreed. "Yes, yes, destroy his team once and let all his precious Dragon Spear Soldiers die. Let's see his expression."

Zhou Qing smiled faintly. “Fine, but it’s a bit technical. Don’t embarrass yourself with something too stupid.”

Xue Weiqi laughed loudly. "Leave it to me. I'll definitely make them speechless from their surprise. Back then, I was the team annihilator of countless other guilds!"

The girls said in disdain, "How dare you say that!"

• • •

Familiar coordination, effective commands, high-end operations, and alert adaptability allowed the Wasteland Reclaimers to advance smoothly in the tunnel. Xiao Li had also successfully reached Level 2. Of course, no matter how high the experience of the dungeon monsters were, there weren't many players left after sharing the burden with 50 people. Therefore, the key to bringing people to the dungeon was to complete the mission. A mission with hundreds of thousands of experience points wasn't much to a Level 30 player, but it was enough for Xiao Li to reach Level 10.

Now, the troops had followed the mining tracks all the way to a spacious underground mine filled with abandoned mining vehicles. In the middle of the mine was a huge earth elemental boss.

— Team Channel Divine Flames: Now, let me tell you something to take note of. This Boss can cast rocks from a distance and stab the entire battlefield. No one is allowed to stay in the same spot for more than 3 seconds. Therefore, this Boss cannot be shot with a Ballista. Everyone, soldiers, especially archers, must move. Miss Sudden Youth!

Xiaofang quickly said, "Yes!"

"You and your friend are going to circle around the corner at the far end. You won't be hit by the Boss' catapults there, and you must not stop, understand?"

"Understood!"

"Alright, this isn't the first time we've fought this boss. Let's get into position!"

The battle began as planned.

All of a sudden, an ear-piercing creaking sound came from the tunnel that everyone had come from. It sounded like a mining truck moving on the tracks? The entire group was in an uproar! When fighting bosses, they were most afraid of encountering unexpected situations!

Shen Yan roared, "What's going on? What's going on!"

Apart from Xue Wei’s workshop, who was laughing sinisterly in the dark, no one could answer him! The sound grew louder. A series of ore-filled carts scraped against the railings as they rushed into the crowded hall!

"What the f * * k!" The entire team cursed!

Meanwhile, Xue Wei's workshop was filled with laughter! That's right, the female players were meticulous. This was a mechanism that they had discovered when they came to this dungeon last time. As long as they moved away the few piles of gravel on the rail, they would be able to see the kinetic valve buried underneath. Once the valve was opened, the ore cart on the rail would slowly move without anyone noticing. Then, it would slowly slide down, and then it would become faster. Therefore, they had enough time to commit crimes, and their regiment commander would not be able to find any evidence.

This mechanism was probably designed to facilitate the boss’s attack? Of course, they couldn’t be bothered to reveal such a small secret. But now, it had come in handy!

Under the sudden impact of the mine truck, more than half of the members had nowhere to hide. They died on the spot along with their soldiers! The loud boom reverberated throughout the underground mine!

— Team channel Shen Yan: I'm hot!!! My Dragon Spear Soldiers!!!

"Wahahaha! We're wiped out!" Blood Verdant Studio celebrated!

Xue Weiqi was even more pleased with herself. “I’ll let you have your way! Let’s see how your splashman dies!”

The sudden turn of events stunned Xiaofang and Xiaoli, who were taking a stroll in the corner. Xiaofang didn’t know whether to laugh or cry as she watched the boss clear the mine in a flurry of smoke and dust. “We were tricked by the splash people!”

Xiao Li said anxiously, "What should we do? Will we die?"

Xiaofang smiled and sighed. "So be it. It's just a game."

This was Xiao Li’s first time playing a game, and it was obvious that she had not reached the stage where she could see through life and death. As she looked around, she suddenly saw a hole in the wall of the mining truck, and light was seeping out from the hole.

Xiao Li said in surprise, "What's that?"

Xiaofang was startled. “There’s a chance! Let’s hide inside!”