Chapter 218: Mermaid Saint

In the game, there were often many special buildings with special functions in the wild. For example, the Wisdom Tree that was introduced previously. When players encountered it, they would have to level up, upgrade their skills, or comprehend new skills.

Such a functional building and desert oasis would permanently increase the player's health. There was also the Ancient Battlefield's Heroic Flag, which would permanently increase the player's Attack, Defense, and Damage. There was also Swan Lake, which increased the player's Stamina upper limit, and luck temporarily increased it by a few points for a month. There was also the Magic Palace, where the player would permanently increase a certain amount of mana, as well as learn a secret spell that was not recorded in the Skill Book. There was also the Prophet's Hut, which was the most broken egg of the player. The Prophet would ask the player for something that was urgently needed. It could be a soldier, a treasure, or a resource. If the player happened to have it, then it was not impossible to reward a divine artifact.

These functional buildings would appear at random, and they would disappear once the players encountered them. It could be said that they were extremely rare.

And the Hermit of the Sea was undoubtedly one of those functional buildings!

For a moment, Da Fei was indescribably excited! In the vast sea, not everyone was an enemy. He could also meet good people! Wahahaha, this was the benefit of deviating from the route! That's right, these functional buildings usually only appeared at places where people were rarely seen. It was absolutely impossible for them to appear beside the busy road.

The fleet followed the direction of the song and saw a giant whale that looked like a small island floating on the surface of the sea and spraying water under the moonlight. On the back of the whale was a mermaid who was singing with golden light!

“Mermaids!” The sailors cheered!

Dafei was so surprised that his jaw dropped!

In the Sea Realm, mermaids were equivalent to angels from the realm of gods! Mermaids might not be the strongest, but their status was undoubtedly the highest. Encountering mermaids was equivalent to encountering angels. Mortal people, have you seen angels in your lifetime? You haven't even seen an angel's hair, right? F*ck, mermaids. This hermit is too high-class! I have to go! I can't always be troubled by god-level sea monsters. I have to arrange some god-level mermaids to comfort the players, right?

Da Fei immediately changed into his Captain's uniform and adjusted his Captain's hat. He was ready to greet this high-end hermit.

The fleet stopped beside the giant whale, and the mermaids stopped singing. Their ethereal, poetic voices echoed through the icy sea. "In this vast and lonely sea, it's really a pleasure to meet a mortal visit. It's a very lucky thing. Let us share the fortune that God has bestowed upon us!"

The mermaid waved her hand, and a vast expanse of rainbow light enveloped the fleet!

— System Message: You have met the Merfolk Saint. Your troops' Luck + 5, your fleet's speed has increased. Duration: 1 month!

— System Message: The Merfolk Saint temporarily upgraded your Luck Skill to Grandmaster level. Duration: One month!

— System Message: The Merfolk Saint has upgraded your sub-hero's Luck Skill level. Serbia has learned Elementary Luck Skill!

— System Message:… Katerina has learned Elementary Luck Skill!

— System Message: Alicia's upgrade to Advanced Luck Skill!

The entire army's luck has been upgraded! All the Hero Luck Skill levels have been upgraded! My Master Luck Skill is also upgraded. I'm so excited, why didn't I directly upgrade to the Grandmaster level! As expected, even Saints can't directly teach a Grandmaster level skill?

The mermaid's ethereal voice sounded again. "Mortal, you look confused. Is there something you don't understand? I can answer you."

Brother, what confusion? En, in front of a saint, mortals always look stupid.

Alright, this is only the beginning of the main course. Improving skills is just a dessert before the appetizer! This is the difference between an expert and a low-level player! The same opportunity is right in front of you. A low-level player usually only wants a bowl of rice. But an expert does want a seed! Of course, I'm an expert. The question I raised must be useful in the present generation!

Now, he had a few questions that he wanted to ask.

1. How do mermaids reproduce?

2. How can I take in a mermaid to join my harem?

3. How can I officially advance to the Grandmaster level?

4. Are the Vikings after me and cutting?

Shallow. These questions are too superficial! I'm destined to become a Grandmaster, trample over the Vikings, and take in all the Mermaids. Why do I need to ask these questions?

Da Fei chose the most boring question. "Saint, my Commerce Organization's fleet is cursed by the Sea God. How do we solve this?"

The mermaid laughed loudly. Her laughter floated in the night sky as dark clouds instantly covered the moon, as though even the moon was shy.

The mermaid said with a serious expression, "That's a very good question. I appeared here specifically for this matter. Your appearance here means that you're not disappointing me!"

Da Fei was enlightened! This hermit was no ordinary hermit. It was a hint from the Chamber of Commerce's Epic Mission! I knew my luck was too good. I can even meet him in the vast sea!

Dafei hurriedly said, "Please guide me, Saint!"

The mermaid said solemnly, "Your Chamber of Commerce has once robbed the Sea God's Altar. Not only did they steal the divine weapon of the Sea God, but they also abducted the Mermaid Main Zealot who hosted the sacrifice. The Sea God might not care about a divine weapon, but he cares a lot about his Main Zealot. If you can return that Main Zealot, perhaps you can appease the Sea God's anger. I'll give you a token. After you find the Main Zealot, you can contact me with this. Of course, it's fine if you can't do it. Just treat it as a reward for seeing my heroic and wise mortal."

— System Message: You have received quest item "Mermaid Harpy".

— Merfolk's Harp: [S] class Strategy Treasure. Increases Poetry Art Skill + 1. Quest Item.

Da Fei's eyelid twitched in shock. A gift! Just like the Blood Eagle Flute, it was a skill upgrade! What the heck, is this considered as a reward for me avoiding the Sea God's pursuit?

"Mortal, I hope we'll meet again if fate wills it!"

The gargantuan whale let loose an almighty roar as it spewed forth a fountain that was over a thousand feet in length. The torrential waves that shook the entire fleet surged forth as it carried the mermaid into the ocean before disappearing.

Da Fei held onto the side of the ship and was shocked. Was this giant whale trying to demonstrate its power? Was this the strength of a Saint under the Sea God? Was it warning him that it was extremely stupid to go against the Sea God? F*ck, that was nonsense! It was not like he wanted to go against the Sea God!

It turned out that Markal only knew one thing and did not know the other. The Chamber of Commerce had even captured a mermaid for a sacrifice? Why did they capture her? To lock up the zoo? To lock up the exotic harem? It seemed like there was quite a lot of trouble.

In short, he had to get through this first. With this treasure, he could comfort Serbia.

Now, the fleet was once again eighteen.