Chapter 212: Xiao Li Enters The Game

* * * * * * * *

In the bustling town square, a white light flashed and another newcomer entered the game. Newbie ID: Jia Li from the harem. Special ability, logistics skill. Initial skill: Elementary Logistics skill.

— Elementary Logistics Skill: Increase the marching speed of the players and their troops by 10%.

— Logistics Skill Specialty: Every level up by 2, the effects of Logistics Skill increase by 1%.

Logistics Skill sub-skill: Exploration Skill, Emergency Army, Transport Carriers, Mountain Transportation, Benefits of Home, Road of War, Death March, etc.

The ponytailed female player who was holding a spear and wearing a newbie's cloth armor was Xiao Li. The moment she appeared, a female knight wearing silver armor immediately greeted her. "Haha! It's me, add me as a friend!"

— System Message: Player Instant Fanghua has requested to add you as a friend. Do you accept?

Xiao Li said unhappily, "Can you change your name?"

Xiaofang smiled smugly and said, "In any case, you can just casually earn a large sum of money and leave. Why do you care about your name? Just be my wife obediently, haha!"

Xiao Li looked around and couldn't help but exclaim, "It's hard to imagine that the game is so advanced now. It feels like we've entered a movie or magic world. It's too realistic!"

Xiaofang smiled and said, "Isn't it more exciting than reading? Let's go, I'll bring you to the dungeon to level up."

“What is an instance dungeon?”

"Well, it's hard to explain in a few words. You'll know when the time comes. Anyway, this is the fastest way for new players to level up. When you reach Level 10, you'll change your occupation. Then, I'll take you to the exchange center to register for a trade certificate. Then, I'll leave the city and take you to my manor. After that, you can run transport and earn money…"

"Hey, slow down. I don't know anything!"

"Mhm, I will. Just follow me now."

Xiao Li shook her head and sighed, "I really can't do anything to you."

Xiaofang laughed arrogantly and said, "Are you not happy? There are so many people who want to enter the dungeon with me, but they don't have the luck."

Xiao Li said disapprovingly, "Of course, of course!"

At that moment, a passing carriage suddenly stopped beside the two of them. A male player who was also dressed in silver armor got off the carriage.

The player named “Roast God” greeted her warmly. “Fangfang, we meet again.”

Xiaofang said unhappily, "Yes."

Fangfang? She felt goosebumps all over! Xiao Li deliberately teased, "You found a husband online?"

Xiaofang jumped up anxiously. "Nonsense! It doesn't look like it!"

Xiao Li was amused. "I think so!"

Xiaofang said unhappily, "Like? I'm giving it to you!"

Xiao Li panicked. "No!"

The male player chuckled and said, "Fangfang brought her friends here to play?"

Xiaofang said lightly, "Yes, my wife!" Then, she said to Xiaoli in an exaggerated tone, "Let me introduce you. This handsome guy is a high-level official of the famous Chinese guild 'Ninth Heaven'. Shen Zhi is the big boss who controls hundreds of people."

Shen Zhi chuckled. "No, no. He is just a transport team leader. Hello, Miss."

Little Li obviously didn't know what the Ninth Heaven was. It was unlikely that the Ninth Heaven guild's Little Fang would take a fancy to it. It was no wonder she was neither cold nor warm. Thus, she didn't joke around and calmly replied: "Hello.”

Xiaofang rolled her eyes and chuckled. "I say, Big Brother Shen Zhi, you've always been talking about how your guild is like. Now that I'm going to level up with my wife, why don't you let us have a look?"

En, let Li Li’s wife see how much of a queen she was, let her know how many men would bow down to her, hahaha. Of course, the most important thing was that since he wanted to bring Xiao Li to earn big money, he needed to strengthen his relationship with the number one guild of the human race. He couldn’t continue being cold and noble.

As expected, Shen Zhi perked up and said, "Bring people to level up. That's easy, I'll arrange it immediately!" Then, he immediately said to another player on the carriage, "You guys go first!"

"Yes, Big Brother."

Shen Zhi was a high-level officer of the Ninth Heaven, and he was mainly responsible for managing the rear. Instant Fanghua was the first female player to recruit an Epic Hero in the China server, and she was also the first female player to obtain the territory of the kingdom. Naturally, she was the main target of recruitment for the Ninth Heaven, which specialized in attacking humans. And the heavy responsibility of recruiting her was undoubtedly placed on Shen Zhi, who was from the same hometown as Xiliu County.

However, at this moment, Sudden Youth's eyes were high above her head. She was a loner and completely unmoved. This made Shen Zhi very discouraged. Now that Sudden Youth had taken the initiative to make a request, how could he miss this opportunity? He had to do it well!

Shen Zhi immediately reported to the president, the God Emperor. "Boss, Sudden Youth needs someone to help her friend level up. She said that she wants to see the style of our guild!"

The Ninth Heaven's president, the God Emperor, had been recruiting troops recently to compete with the glorious stars. Instant Fanghua's declaration as an important recruit immediately attracted the God Emperor's attention!

The God Emperor replied without thinking, "Send them to Graystone Town. Bring them to join the fourth Wasteland Reclaimers team of the guild and bring them to clear the dungeon of the elemental mineshaft!"

Divine Blaze was shocked. "Boss, this is the Wasteland Reclaimers! Instant Fanghua is a Level Lord player, and her friend is a Level 1 rookie!"

The God Emperor chuckled. "It's not a big deal to have two more cripples. Doesn't she want to see the abilities of our guild? Then let her see it. Bringing newbies to level up isn't considered a skill. Bringing newbies to pioneer is awesome!"

"Understood!"

Now, Shen Zhi smiled at Instant Fanghua and said, "It has been arranged. The guild has a special dungeon team that will bring new players. We are about to start farming. Let's go and teleport to Graystone Town. Oh right, I'll pay for the teleportation."

Xiaofang was surprised. "The Graystone Town in the northern mountainous region? The Graystone Town that often has earth elements attacking it?"

Blaze smiled. "That's right. That's a level 30 place for players to level up. We can bring new players to level up!"

This joke seemed to be too big. That was a place where even Level 30 players vomited blood. How could it be a place for new players? Xiaofang immediately felt that it was inappropriate and hurriedly shook her head. "No no no, forget it. It's too troublesome."

"It's no trouble. Our President has already made arrangements. We have many experts with us. It's not a big deal."

By rejecting it, it would seem like she was being petty. Sudden Youth did not reject it either. She chuckled and said, "Alright, then we shall disturb you!"

"Of course not. It's our guild's honor to be able to invite Miss Fang."

Xiaofang was overjoyed when she heard this. She privately shouted to Xiaoli in the dormitory, "Did you hear that? I gave their guild face."

Xiao Li said disapprovingly, "That's right, that's right. The Queen will conquer the ninth guild first, then conquer the top eight guilds one by one!"

Xiaofang laughed and said, "Oh, do you really think they're ranked ninth? Ah, alright, they're probably ranked ninth in the world…"

As they chatted and laughed, the three of them arrived at the teleportation circle. With a flash of white, they arrived at Graystone Town, a small town that produced stone mines in the Kingdom of Lionheart. However, this town was harassed and threatened by earth elemental creatures, and at the same time, the mines were already occupied by earth elemental beings. The players' mission was to enter this mining dungeon every once in a while.

A large number of players had already gathered at the wide stone building at the entrance of the mine.

A player named Shen Yan smiled and said, "Welcome, welcome!"

Instant Fanghua smiled and said, "Sorry for troubling you."

Divine Blaze laughed. "It's up to you!"

Shen Yan smiled and said, "No problem."

Xiao Li looked at the crowd and exclaimed, "There are so many female players!"

Shen Yan smiled and said, "Yes, we're all friends!"

Upon seeing who those female players were, Divine Blaze was stunned!

At the same time, Xiaofang couldn't help but curse from the dormitory. "It's hot!"

Xiao Li said in surprise, "What's the matter?"

Xiaofang sneered and said, "The so-called number one beauty studio in China. In short, just ignore them. We just need to gain experience and anger them to death!"

Xiao Li said in surprise, "You have something against them?"

Xiaofang sneered and said, "They're envious, jealous, and hate me! Tsk!"

At the same time, Shen Zhi also contacted the president urgently. "Boss, are you kidding me? Why did you arrange for her to be in the same group as Xue Wei? They've had a war of words on the forum!"

The Divine Emperor smiled coldly. "There's no mistake. I deliberately arranged this opportunity for them to meet. It would be even better if they could reconcile. Even if they can't reconcile, they can still use this opportunity to kill Xue Wei's arrogance! This is to prevent these women from thinking that they're as impressive as they are. Without them, there will be nothing left in the world!"

“Got it.”

• • •

— Team channel: Instant Fanghua joined the team.

— Team channel: The harem Jia Li joined the team.

The entire Blood Vision Studio was in an uproar!

"Who is this person?!"