Chapter 222: The Giant Ship Arrives Safely

Among the six conventional races of Hero Genesis, the Dwarf Race was second only to the Hell Race in terms of popularity. Compared to the race where beauties and coolies gathered like the Undead of the Human Race (Note: Female Vampires are beautiful beyond compare), the Dwarf Race's figure was indeed not likable, and the Dwarf Race's Big Aunts were even more intolerable for female players. Even the masculine beauty that burst out from the masculine side of Orc Woman could charm a large number of players, and she could even surpass the Dwarf Race by more than ten streets. It could be seen how important image was.

The other main reason was that the birthplace of the dwarves was not pleasant. When they went out, they would see snow-covered mountains, and when they entered, they would see a dark underground city.

Of course, the advantages of the Dwarfs were obvious to all. They had high Attack, high HP, high Defense, and high stamina with high Magic Resistance! The Dwarf Army's discipline was as indestructible as steel, so the leadership skills of the Dwarf Heroes had a sub-skill that targeted the Dwarf Army: Iron Army!

— Iron Man Regiment: When the Dwarfs form a military formation, the defense of the entire team's physical magic will increase by 20%.

Forming a military formation meant giving up the charging speed of the troops. Of course, for the dwarves who were born with short legs and slow speed, there was no need to charge. However, this did not mean that the dwarves' army would be fooled by the enemy's long-range attacks. The dwarves' Level 2 long-range pike throwers and Level 4 Army Talismans and Mages were not inferior to the long-range attacks of any other race, not to mention that the dwarves had a powerful and almost perfect Level 5 charging force, the Bear Cavalry!

The Bear Cavalry soldiers were known as the nemesis of the Cavalry soldiers. The war cries of the warhorses of the warhorses of the Bear Cavalry soldiers would often cause chaos amongst the warhorses of the other human soldiers of the sixth rank. As for the Orcs of the third rank, the Wolf Cavalry soldiers, they were not even worth looking at. They were not even on the same level, and could be easily defeated with a single palm strike. Furthermore, the Bear Cavalry soldiers also had the special skill of repel and crush their enemies.

Why was the Werebear Cavalry so strong a level five unit? It was because the dwarves’ level six unit was even more abnormal, the Flame Overlord! It was a magical unit, nicknamed Little Titan, a level six unit that was close to the strength of a level seven unit. Of course, it was also the least produced level six unit among all races.

As for the level-seven soldiers of the dwarves, they could only be described as abnormal, and that was the Magma Dragon. It was a kind of red and black stone walking dragon that looked like a monster from Ultraman, with magma all over its body. As long as it was beaten, magma would spurt out and burn people. Its killing power was astonishing.

In short, just like the elves, except for the level 7 soldiers, the dwarves' overall quality was one level higher than humans and the Undead Hell of the same level. This could also be considered a compensation mechanism for the races with fewer soldiers. This compensation mechanism would make the elves strong in the league and weak in the Kingdom War.

Currently, only the Russian region was focused on developing dwarves, even though there was a world-renowned human hero, the Siege Technician.

The dwarf simply introduced it here.

Under the alarm that resounded throughout the entire town, the patrol rowers on the sea also gathered at the harbor. At the same time, close to a thousand dwarf warriors in the town gathered at the docks and lined up to board the ships. Although nearly a thousand was nothing on land, a naval battle was different. A naval battle was not a battle of numbers.

However, looking at the dwarf's posture, it was obvious that they were competing in numbers.

Indeed. Dwarves liked to take risks, but their navigation skills were really average. Sailing ships with high technical content were really not something they could play with. In sea battles, dwarves and pirates had similar fighting styles. It was just rowing boats to crash into each other, then boarding and fighting. However, seeing that their rowing boats were all equipped with heavy armor and the bow of their boats were also equipped with icebreakers, Da Fei was full of confidence in this battle. At least in a collision, the Viking Undead's ships would definitely not win.

At this moment, a deep horn sounded, and a huge sailboat appeared in the bay of the harbor. Instantly, the dwarves in the entire harbor burst into enthusiastic cheers!

Looking at the gigantic ship on the sea, Da Fei's eyelids twitched! Giant ship! Damn, I actually saw a giant ship!

In the game, ships were divided into four levels according to their size. Small, medium, large, and large. Da Fei's SV Fly and Radiance Wings were both large. Large ships could only have four masts and three decks, which meant that there were three cabins under the ship.

If the purpose was to explore the ocean, a large ship was already the limit. A large ship could guarantee speed. It could sustain itself and not be sunk by storms and sea monsters. It would not work if it was large. The materials of the ship did not support a larger structure, and it would fall apart when the wind blew. It was like a building. It was the limit if it could cover more than 100 floors. No matter how high it was, the foundation and building materials could not withstand it.

However, giant ships were different. Giant ships could be warships. Their wood was specially customized to wrap bronze or ironwood. In other words, it was wrapped in a thick layer of copper skin and iron skin. This way, the structure of the ship material would be more stable and could support the structure of the giant ships. At the same time, it was also extremely durable in naval battles. However, its shortcomings were obvious. The ships were too heavy and their speed was also very slow. Furthermore, it was easy to be stranded if one ate too much water. Ordinary small ports could not accommodate this big fellow.

The design concept of a giant warship was never to pursue, but to fight a decisive battle. Take a battleship as an example, 100 cannon doors was considered a small number. Of course, the cost of building a giant warship was definitely astronomical. In an era where players could not even reach the level of a large ship, a giant warship was even more out of the question, not to mention the daily maintenance cost of covering ironwood rust.

And the giant warship in front of Da Fei was indeed a completely different type of warship. It was a four-masted giant rowing warship, and the bow of the ship was still a shockingly huge steel ram.

The side of the ship wasn’t very high, only having two cabins. The bottom cabin was the rowing cabin, and the hundreds of oars sticking out made the giant ship look like a giant centipede from afar. The upper deck of the rowing cabin was the gun cabin, and there were about twenty cannons on each side.

There was only one floor of the giant ship's upper level structure, so this giant centipede was not as tall as SV Fly's shipboard. This was necessary. It was impossible for a rowing boat to be very high for the convenience of rowing.

This type of giant warship was a comprehensive all-rounded warship that assembled cannon battles, melee battles, and impact battles. Of course, its original model was Turkey’s Ottoman warship from the Great Voyage Era. However, Turkey’s national power was still unable to build such a huge warship, so France, which was lagging behind in the seafaring field, made great improvements. It was the legendary “French Royal Warship”, known as the“ French Emperor”! In the Mediterranean Sea, the North Sea was calm and peaceful. Large sailing ships could not display their advantage, and the French Emperor lived up to his name as the French Emperor and ran rampant. Of course, the sailing ships were ultimately oars. The bottom of the paddles were too low, and it was easy to get into the water. Once they entered the high-wave Atlantic Ocean, they would be extremely foolish. The opposite side of the Atlantic was a new stage for the strong. The colonial route of the French seafaring era was not smooth.

All in all, in the game, such a huge ship was undoubtedly the most suitable for seafaring and killing boorish dwarves. However, this place was frozen for ten months a year, so this huge ship couldn't even be considered a bathtub fleet here, right? F*ck, not only were there Griffin Knights on this remote island, there was actually such a huge ship! What was the mystery here? Could it be a military town? If it was, why hadn't anyone shipped goods over for three years?

At this moment, the Dwarf Major was very satisfied with Da Fei's stunned expression. He cleared his throat and said, "Let me introduce myself. I'm Ba Tuo. This is my battleship, Flame Overlord! You seem to be very good at sailing ships? I'll temporarily appoint you as the first mate of the Flame Overlord to lead the way."

Holy f*ck! I can actually enjoy a warship! This is a must!

Da Fei nodded happily. "Major. Er, General is awesome! With such a huge ship escorting us, we're definitely not afraid of the Undead Fleet."

Barto said in a low voice, "It seems that I've finally confirmed the reason why no supply ships have been coming for the past three years, but I don't care about the undead fleet. I only care about the goods you mentioned."

Dafei hurriedly said, "I will definitely not disappoint the other general."

Finally confirmed? Could it be that those Undead had nothing to do with my S-rank shipment mission? Does that mean that this Fire Dragon Island obviously has a huge mission? Forget it, I don't have time or energy to waste. I'll just finish this transaction.

At this moment, a small boat approached the shore. Ba Tuo waved his hand. "Board the boat!"

• • •

Accompanied by five medium-sized rowing ships, the rowers on the entire ship shouted in unison. The Flame Overlord, which was full of Dwarf Warriors, rowed its huge oars and left the harbor.

At this moment, Da Fei, who had been appointed as the temporary first mate, could finally feel the grace of this giant centipede. It was said that the giant ship was slow, but how was it slow! Not only was it not slow, but it seemed to be even faster than Octopus! No matter how slow the rowing boat was, it could not be any slower, let alone with a Master-level nautical master and a Senior Voyager as the first mate leading the team!

Come on, I'm here to take revenge this time! Wahahahaha! The so-called expert should be someone like me who can't do it. I can mobilize the power of NPCs!

Dwarves were usually silent, and Da Fei did not want to talk to him too much to avoid triggering missions. Hence, they did not speak along the way, and a day passed.

Now that they had arrived at the area where the accident happened yesterday, Da Fei said in a low voice, "I was ambushed here. A large number of Undead fleets suddenly appeared in the fog. Their decorations are very similar to those of the Vikings in ancient times." Although Da Fei did not want to talk to him, he could not help but speak up after holding it in for a day. There was no choice, it was a professional habit of experts.

Barto said in a low voice, "Lieutenant, you are extraordinary. You have discovered the truth of the matter. All this time, our priests could only speculate, but they did not expect the matter to be so serious."

Dafei could not help but ask, "Is it serious?"

Barto nodded solemnly and said, "The God of the Underworld controls death and the Sea God controls the sea. However, when the sailors died on the sea, their ownership after their death caused a controversy between the two gods. The sailors are the bravest and most intelligent people in the world. They are talents that both gods desperately desire. In short, we might be embroiled in the struggle between the gods."

Da Fei's jaw dropped! So that's how it is! No wonder my Sea Soul Battle Armor is so similar to the skills of Undead Wizards! So there's such a hidden meaning!

Now, Dafei firmly shut up and did not say a word!

Da Fei was sure that if he asked another question, "Then what should I do?" An epic quest would definitely pop up! Although he was awesome, he was not at the level of accepting three epic quests at the same time!

And if Da Fei did not ask, the dwarf would not say anything. With the pride of the dwarves, they would definitely not ask for help. That was good.

Now, at Barto's command, the entire fleet was ready for battle. But the fog of anticipation did not appear.

Hey, hey, hey! Are you kidding me? If the fog doesn't appear, won't it make me look like I'm lying? I want revenge!

However, after an entire day, the fog still did not appear!

Da Fei let out a long sigh. "General, although I don't know the reason, I'm sure he was scared off by your military might."

Barto said proudly, "Of course. Nobody here dares to challenge my Flame Overlord!"

At this moment, there was the sound of an eagle whistling in the sky. Da Fei frowned. An eagle?

Barto's spirits were lifted. "We've found the target!"

Dafei was stunned. What did he discover?

Sure enough, a soldier immediately entered the cabin and reported, "General, we found two large ships of the alliance hovering around!"

What the heck! This is my God-level Reconnaissance Skill. I didn't even notice it, but you guys found it first! Da Fei hurriedly said, "That's right, it's them!"

Barto laughed out loud. "As expected, there are goods! Our efforts were not in vain—the fleet's turn!"

When two green dots finally appeared on Da Fei's radar, the sound of a piano could be heard in the wind! The entire fleet erupted in cheers of victory.

At this moment, Da Fei was extremely shocked. He thought that his God-level Reconnaissance Skill would come to an end. He was too naive! Could it be that this eagle was above the God-level Reconnaissance Skill?

Da Fei quickly asked, "General, can I train this eagle?"

Barto patted Da Fei's shoulder. "Lieutenant, these are military secrets. It's a pity."

Da Fei was stunned again. What the heck! As expected, military and civilian use were two different concepts.

• • •

Now the ships were assembled again, and the dwarf warships secured the Radiance Wing and the Whalers in their formation and began their return journey.

Nothing happened along the way. Fire Dragon Island appeared in front of him again. Da Fei heaved a long sigh of relief. He finally arrived safely!