Chapter 228: Specialties

When Da Fei, who was sleeping with his helmet on, was woken up by a knock on his earpiece, two days had passed in the game.

It was Spielberg who knocked on the door. “Captain, my ship is repaired and the general is ready. Shall we go?”

Da Fei stretched. "Of course." After more than four hours of sleep, he felt much better.

At the dock of Fire Dragon Island, there was a lot of work. Barto and a group of officers were giving instructions there. The team of dwarfs transported things that looked like wine barrels to a few flat cargo ships, which were floating barrels specially used to salvage sunken ships. Fishing sunken ships was a sub-skill of Master-level Nautical Skill, and it was also a way for sea adventurers to earn money during open beta.

The principle of salvaging a floating bucket was very simple. First, they would send a diver to tie one end of the boat with a rope and the other end with a floating bucket. Of course, the floating bucket was forcibly pressed below the surface of the water by people on the surface of the sea. In this way, the floating bucket submerged in the water would generate a certain amount of pulling force on the sinking ship. The pulling force of a floating bucket was naturally insignificant, so they had to prepare many floating buckets to salvage a sunken ship. These floating buckets were like grapes that were connected into a large string, lifting the entire sunken ship. Then, they would complement the lift equipment on the fishing ship to achieve the purpose of salvaging.

The key to salvaging the ship was to send divers into the water to tie up the sinking ship. There was no way to salvage a ship that was too deep, and there was no way to salvage a ship that was anchored by sea monsters.

Seeing Da Fei's arrival, Ba Tuo laughed and said, "Lieutenant, we're waiting for you. Let's go!"

Da Fei nodded and looked at the bay. The fleet was already waiting outside the harbor, and the Wings of Light was still parked there. Da Fei said in surprise, "My Wings of Light hasn't been fixed?"

Barto shook his head and sighed. "That ship can't be repaired in a short time. The key is that the main mast is broken. This can't be solved with glue. Also, we don't have any replacement masts here, so, in short, we'll think of a way. First Lieutenant, please board my Flame Overlord."

Spielberg also said, "Captain, with the help of the general and so many battleships, my ship can handle the situation."

As expected, a small place could not repair a large ship? What if your giant battleship was destroyed? Da Fei sighed and said, "Alright, let's go!"

Barto waved his hand. "Let's go!"

In an instant, the bugle horns sounded and the alarm bells rang. The fishing fleet left the harbor amidst the cheers of the townspeople.

Looking at Bartow waving at the crowd on the shore, Da Fei sighed in his heart. If he was in the Alliance Kingdom, how could a mere Major be qualified to put on such a show? How could he be qualified to be called "General"? This was the advantage of being alone in the sea and having no authority.

At that moment, Bartow's voice sank. "Lieutenant, perhaps you're right. We might have really found a special product at the place you mentioned."

Da Fei was stunned. "Specialties? Mines gap?"

Barto said seriously, "After two days of excavation, we found a tunnel full of mushroom spores. The tunnel was filled with thick spore pollen, and people would inhale the pollen and cough nonstop, so I immediately sealed the entrance."

Da Fei finally understood. "No wonder my bees flew there!"

Where did the passageway lead to? Da Fei would never ask that. It was obvious that it was not a good place. However, he did not expect this general to be so meticulous. Did he really take his report seriously? That was worthy of his title as a general.

Barto chuckled. "So, I have a suggestion. Lieutenant, can you transfer your bees to us at a high price? This way, we can add a special honey product. We can also use the bees to eat the spore pollen in the passage and reduce the concentration of pollen. Then, we can explore the passage further."

Anlicia immediately refused. "No! This bee is mine. It's a birthday gift from my grandmother. I won't transfer it."

Da Fei shook his head and smiled bitterly. "General, I'm sorry! Her bees are of extraordinary significance. General, you should get someone to bring them from the kingdom." More importantly, he did not want to get involved in this mess, nor did he want to sink deeper into it—wait? How was a high price transfer possible?

Bartow sighed and said, "Even if it's a request, it can only be delivered at this time next year. This year's time will be wasted while waiting, and with our current situation, we can't afford to waste time!"

At this point, Bartow suddenly raised his voice. “How about this, miss? If you don’t want to transfer it, you can transfer it to someone else, right? We’ll return it to you in a year!”

Anlicia chuckled. “I’ll lend you a wasp. A year later, you’ll use it to set up a bee farm, and then you’ll return my wasp. Isn’t that a good deal?”

Barto said anxiously, "Do you want me to return the bee farm to you as well? The bee farm is the fruit of our labor—how about this, we'll split it evenly. You'll get 50% of the bee farm's shares. That should be enough, right?"

Da Fei's brows twitched. What the heck! Taking half of the shares of the local specialties! This general is really generous! However, he is obviously trying to drag me down with him. He wants me to help him fight the Underground Spider Demons in order to keep the 50% shares? This is too much of a scam, isn't it? I won't fall for it!

Anlicia immediately shook her head. "This bee means something special to me. Her breed is also extraordinary. It's impossible to find a second one in the entire Hero Continent. I will not plant such a precious bee in such a dangerous place like yours."

En, not bad, not bad. This child really knew how to evaluate the risks of investments. This passage would definitely be the battlefield for the Demon Race to attack in the future. If they opened a bee farm there, wouldn't they be defeated?

Barto shook his head and sighed. "Miss, your bee has been poisoned by the spore spider. It's destined that its lifespan will not last long. Only the pollen of the spore forest can provide antibodies to immunotoxins. As a ranger elf, you should know more about this than me. You should know the best solution."

Alicia's expression changed. "Does that mean I have to raise bees there?"

Da Fei's eyelids jumped. What the heck! This general actually had such a big move! He seemed to be saying that?

Barto chuckled. "Of course it's not necessary for you, Miss, but it's definitely necessary for me."

Alicia said anxiously, "Then what are we waiting for! Let's hurry up and set up the beehive. Let's go ashore—Hey, hey, why didn't you tell us about such an important matter on the shore but insisted on going out to sea?"

Barto chuckled. "Even if we're going to set up an exhibition, we have to survey the surrounding terrain, right? In short, I've already sent people to speed up the preparations. I believe we'll be able to complete it when we return from this trip."

"Oh, I see!"

Da Fei couldn't help but feel respect for him. "General, you're really well organized and reasonable!"

Barto laughed. "The main reason is that time here is too tight. In fact, to us, the underground passage is much more important than salvaging a sunken ship. However, there is only one chance to thaw a sunken ship every year. We can't miss it."

Da Fei laughed and said, "I see. I hope we won't disappoint you this time."