Chapter 224: The Delivery Of Fishing A Ship

Da Fei had just completed the transaction when Spielberg spoke. "Captain, we also dragged back a big octopus. You don't have a fishing license, so in principle, you can't sell your fishing property. Why don't I sell it for you, and we'll split it evenly?"

Oh yeah, I almost forgot about the octopus. We should split it evenly! This NPC is really smart! Da Fei hurriedly nodded and said, "Okay! I'll leave it to you then."

Buckley said, "The octopus is still weighing, so it will have to wait—but warrior, can I ask a question?"

Dafei said in surprise, "Ask away, don't stand on ceremony!"

Buckley asked, "How did the warrior capture this octopus monster?"

Sigh, isn't this question "Why are you so awesome"? How do you expect me to answer? Da Fei could only reluctantly tell the truth. "Of course, it's because of this Mr. Spielberg."

Spielberg chuckled. "Captain is too modest. I can't do it alone."

Buckley said quickly, "Can the warrior and this Mr. Spielberg do us a favor? Perhaps only you have the ability to do it."

What the heck! I knew it was a mission to kill sea monsters! I'm not free! Da Fei shook his head. "No, we have to leave soon."

Spielberg also shook his head. "My purpose here is to catch whales. I don't have much time. I really can't help."

Buckley said anxiously, "As long as the two of you are willing to help, the general will also send out his fleet to help you catch whales! We are familiar with the surroundings and know where there are whale activities. In addition, the general's fleet will help you drive away the surrounding whales. This efficiency will definitely be twice the result with half the effort!"

Spielberg's brows twitched. "A whale? I'm looking for a single-horned whale!"

Buckley hurriedly said, "No problem! Single-horned whales are the easiest to find. When the sun shines, their horns reflect light from afar. It'll be hard to not find them!"

Spielberg asked Da Fei, "What do you think, Captain?"

Sigh, since this shop assistant is tempted, as an expert, I have no reason not to take this move.

Dafei could only say, "As long as it's within our capabilities, we will do our best!"

Buckley said happily, "That's great! Many years ago, a pirate ship full of treasures was chased by us, but it crashed into an iceberg and sank. Later on, we learned how to salvage sunken ships, but we suddenly discovered that the sunken ship was occupied by a giant octopus monster as a nest, so we need to expel this octopus. Since warriors can capture octopus monsters, it shouldn't be a problem to expel them."

— System Message: Dwarf Logistics Officer Buckley has given you a mission, "Expelling the Octopus Monsters in the sunken ship". Do you accept?

Da Fei was stunned. "Is my octopus the same as the sunken octopus you mentioned?"

Buckley shook his head. “Of course not the same one. The sunken octopus is bigger.”

Da Fei didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "Are there many giant octopuses in Beiyang?"

Buckley sighed. "There are so many octopuses in the world!"

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. If there were many octopuses in the world, wouldn't the octopus ship's head that he had dropped specially to scare octopuses be very suitable? Oh right, if he equipped the ship's head portrait now, could he scare away the octopuses on the sunken ships? If not, he could also equip the six-headed sea monster ship's head portrait that was used to scare all sea monsters. Could he do it at the same time? If he still could not do it, would it be okay if Anlicia continued to scare the Skila? If not—

Dafei asked, "What if we fail?"

Buckley shook his head and smiled bitterly. "So what if we fail? We have to go every year to defrost. Then we fail every year."

So that's how it is. As long as there's no mission punishment, it's fine. Da Fei said, "Alright, we'll give it a try. However, we need your help to repair the ship, especially since my Radiance Wings is badly damaged."

Right now, he was so poor that he only had pocket money left to eat and drink. He really didn't have the money to settle things like Da Xiu. When encountering such things that required his help, even an expert knew what to do.

Spielberg also said, "I still need to repair our fishing net."

Buckley said happily, "No problem! I'll contact the general immediately. I'll help you repair the ship after unloading the goods."

Anlicia suddenly spoke. “Can I walk around the island as I please?”

Dafei said happily, "There's news about the Queen Bee?"

Anlicia nodded excitedly. "I can feel her waves. It's on this island! It's just a little strange…"

Buckley chuckled. “No problem. As long as we don’t go to the barracks, any lady on the island can go.”

Anlicia asked in surprise, "Are there flowers in the barracks?"

Buckley laughed. "Flowers? Of course not, Miss Elf. This is not the Elven Kingdom. This is the cold and barren Fire Dragon Island. There are no flowers on the entire island."

Anlicia looked incredulous. “No flowers on the whole island? How is that possible? The Queen Bee would rather leave her nest than go to an island without flowers?”

Buckley laughed. "I don't understand. Miss, go look for it yourself."

He could only find some time to look for it. Right, he seemed to be free now. At the very least, it would take two or three days to repair the Wings of Light.

Da Fei thought of something else and asked, "Oh right, I want to know if there are any lucky gurus on Fire Dragon Island? I want to visit him."

Buckley laughed out loud. "We have a guy here who is known as the God of Gambling, Buffett. He only gambles one day a month, and on that day, he will definitely win money. If you're looking for him, then you've found the right person. But now, he's gone to the docks to unload the goods. Oh right, the guys who spend all day in the tavern have all gone to unload the goods. I'm really not used to being so quiet these three years, haha…"

Holy f*ck! I can find a lucky guru immediately. I'm so lucky! There are really many hidden talents on Fire Dragon Island! However, only betting on one day a month? Is this the principle of the Gambling God? Or is it the limitation of the Grandmaster-level Luck Skill?

Anyway, there was no need to think too much about it. It was more important to accompany Alicia to find the Wasp King. As for Spielberg and Cortner, they were not Da Fei's subordinates. Of course, there was no need for them to follow him to find the Wasp King. They went to do their own things.

Under Alicia's lead, Da Fei and his family walked out of the port town and entered Fire Dragon Island, which was full of gravel and mining pits. There were no flowers or grass here.

"Queen Bee is nearby, but the information is very weak. She must have gone underground. Maybe she mistook the smell of volcanic smoke for pollen."

Katerina chuckled and said, "Animals usually have the right feeling. I feel that this volcanic smoke smells like some kind of sandalwood. Perhaps this is a new specialty that hasn't been developed on this island."

New specialty product? Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Isn't this a chance to give Reputation Points to an expert like me? I didn't gain any Reputation Points from such a big deal just now. How can I let down my timely help! Perhaps to the Dwarfs, I'm taking advantage of the situation?

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Quickly look for it! Quickly look for it, we must find it!"

Everyone followed a mining pit into the underground. Along the way, there were dwarf oil lamps, tools that had just been thrown down, and goods that had not been transported in time. Obviously, these dwarves had gone to the dock to unload the goods.

"Found it!" At the bottom of the pit, Alicia excitedly rushed to a dark corner and immediately found the Queen Bee struggling in the spiderweb. A fist-sized spider had died beside her.

Anlicia cried out in alarm, “Heavens, I’ve finally found it!” Immediately after, tears streamed down her face as she carefully pulled her off the spider web. “You scared me to death! Why would the Queen Bee run around like that? She almost died under a spider’s web!”

Serbia was surprised. "Looks like he's injured. I wonder if my healing can be used on bees?"

Alicia quickly said, "Whether it works or not, we have to try!"

"Alright!"

A weak golden light shone from Serbia's fingertips, and the twitching of the Queen Bee indeed subsided!

Alicia was overjoyed. "That's enough! Thank you, Miss Serbia!"

Serbia nodded. "Of course!"

Ah pu!

Da Fei finally heaved a long sigh of relief. He had finally found it. It was good that it was fine. He did not expect Serbia to be able to heal even insects. Was this a sign that they were going to advance to God-grade?

Da Fei was stunned when he saw the spider. Why were there spiders here? The grass here didn't grow by a single strand, so there shouldn't be any bugs. What did spiders eat? Mosquitoes? Mosquitoes should have water plants as a kindergarten!

Ah, wait, wait! This spider looks familiar? Apart from its smaller size, isn't it the breed I stepped on in kindergarten?