Chapter 225: The Gambling God Buffett

Alicia suddenly said, "There seems to be a gap at the back of the spiderweb. A hot wind is blowing out!"

Katerina nodded. "If you smell it carefully, there is a strange fragrance in the wind. What is the source of the wind?"

Da Fei frowned. Could it be? Da Fei tried to pick up the dead spider.

— System Message: You have obtained the corpse of a suspicious spider.

The corpse of the suspicious spider had a white name. There were no attributes, nor were there any mission items.

Da Fei frowned. This thing was similar to the Soul Essence he gave Markal previously. This situation was either a legendary hidden quest item or trash that was waiting for the System to refresh.

F*ck! This spider must be a demon! This spider must be a spy that the demon race infiltrated through the cracks! Humans dug mines until they found ghosts, while dwarves dug mines until they reached hell. Moreover, there were volcanoes here. Weren't volcanoes the usual channel for the Infernal race to invade the Surface World?

When he thought about the storyline of being trapped here for three years, there was no need to think about it. It was either related to the legendary evil dragon or the Dark Alliance seizing the island. From this, he further thought that Markal's request for him to bring them goods might have a deeper meaning.

It seemed like this Fire Dragon Island was very complicated. However, he was determined not to get involved in this mess!

Renoir was right. As a Voyager, he could not participate in the wrong mission at the wrong time and place. Especially since he was such an awesome expert who could trigger a boat scooping mission just by beating an octopus, he was destined to trigger a hidden mission no matter where he went. If he accepted the mission when he encountered it, how could he be busy?

Therefore, Da Fei decided not to care about it. However, since he had discovered some signs of danger, he should still give a reminder. Don't say that you don't want to make things difficult for him. That would increase his friendliness.

Da Fei and the others returned from the mining pit and returned to the port town.

At this moment, the entire town was in an uproar. The streets were lined with braziers that burned with volcanic rocks. It was a festive celebration.

Seeing Da Fei's arrival, the dwarves all shouted, "Warrior, the general is waiting for you at the tavern!"

It was nothing more than a celebratory feast. What should come would come eventually. Da Fei arrived at the tavern. The tavern was bustling with activity and the fragrance of burning squid wafted through the air. The dwarves drank the good wine of the Elven Kingdom while chomping down on the fish meat.

Seeing Da Fei appear, Ba Tuo laughed out loud and said, "Lieutenant, it's great that you're willing to fish out sunken ships with us. I'll also send out my fleet to help you catch whales. We'll set off once your ships are repaired. Of course, you don't have to thank me. Even if the fleet is frozen for ten months, it still needs to be active."

What the heck, he was the one who helped me?

Da Fei took out the Dead Spider and said seriously, "General, when we were looking for bees, we found this thing under the mine. I think it's very strange."

Barto grabbed the spider and looked at it. His face sank and his beard trembled. "Lieutenant, what do you think this is?"

One look at his expression and one could tell that his intentions had been fulfilled. That was enough. As an expert, how could he let you get information out of him? If he said that they were going to dig their way into hell, they might trigger another troublesome mission.

Da Fei laughed and said, "I don't think there should be any bugs here. I think there might be some new specialties like incense."

"New specialty product?" Barto laughed and threw the dead spider into the trash can. "Lieutenant, our Fire Dragon Island has abundant mineral resources and is far away from the mainland. It's normal for some strange guys to have ideas. However, no matter who it is, if it's an enemy, we will definitely eliminate them! If it's a friend, we will warmly welcome them!"

The dwarves in the room immediately raised their cups and shouted, “Eliminate the enemy and welcome our friends! Wahahaha!”

Is this a hint to me? I'll keep my mouth shut and not express my opinion. Whether it's the Undead Viking on the sea or the Underworld Devil Race, it's none of my business. You guys take it on yourselves, wahahaha!

Since Da Fei did not join the game, the Dwarfs naturally would not take the initiative to give out missions.

Barto patted Da Fei's shoulder and laughed. "Alright, I'm going to repair the battleship soon. You guys have worked hard too. There are the best guest rooms on the second floor of the tavern. You can rest anytime."

Dafei laughed and said, "Thank you, General!"

As soon as the general left, Spielberg came forward with a smile and said, "Captain, the octopus has sold it. There are 165 orders in total, and it sold for 100,000 gold coins. According to the agreement, I'll give half of it to Captain!" With that said, he took out a money bag, and then there was a bang! This was the beautiful sound unique to gold coins. No matter how noisy the tavern was, it could not conceal its existence. Even the drunk dwarves could not help but pricked up their ears and looked in the direction of the sound.

— System Message: You received 50,000 gold coins from Spielberg.

Da Fei was stunned. "Selling gold coins? Not trading for ores?"

Buckley, the manager of the tavern, chuckled. "As long as we can afford it, of course we'll pay gold coins."

What the heck! 50,000 gold coins! My 50,000 gold coins worth of goods can be exchanged for 10,000,000 gold coins worth of ores in two rounds! When I want gold coins, you give me the ores. When I want the ores, you give me gold coins. Are you deliberately trying to make me suffer?

Buckley chuckled again. "Right, Buffett, the God of Gambling that the warrior is looking for, is over there. You can ask him for advice, but let me remind you, it's best not to gamble with him! He's drinking and short of money!"

Following the direction of the shopkeeper's finger, Da Fei saw a short man with braided hair and a beard in the corner of the tavern looking at him with a burning gaze. He stared at Da Fei and felt a sharp pain in his balls!

Da Fei turned around and asked, "Didn't he win every bet? Why would he be short of money when he's drinking?"

Buckley said in a low voice, "Because no one here dares to gamble with him anymore!"

F*ck, as expected of the God of Gambling. The realm of the God of Gambling was not to win every bet, but to be so strong that no one challenged him. But this was definitely a tragedy!

Da Fei came to his table. Before he could say anything, he said, "I heard. You want to learn the secrets of luck from me? Then you've found the right person. I'm the luckiest dwarf in the kingdom. I'm challenging the Godly Luck Skill. If you want to learn something from me, just saying it won't do. You have to compete with me!"

Da Fei's balls tightened. "Compete?"

"That's right!" Buffett immediately took out three dice. "The rules are simple. Let's compare size!"

— System Message: Buffett invited you to join the bet. Do you agree?

— System Message: The rules and odds of the bet are carried out according to the rules of the system. Even if the players are not familiar with the rules, it will not affect the progress of the bet. Remind the players to play a healthy game. Small bets will make them happy, big bets will make them lose everything!

Da Fei was stunned! F*ck, I'm such a progressive young man. I really don't know how to play with these three dice! However, since the system prompt message is out, it means that the possibility of cheating is eliminated? F*ck! He's the God of Gambling, why would he need to cheat!

Dafei coughed and said, "Can we not bet?"

Buffett shook his head solemnly and said, "Before I came here, I was a hired sailor on the luxury cruise ship Obsidian with a monthly salary of 120 gold coins, and there was nothing extraordinary about me. And the captain of the cruise ship, Bei Boer, was known as the luckiest and richest dwarf in the Dwarf Kingdom. Compared to him, I was nothing. Then, in the 26th June of the 89th Founding Era, Obsidian encountered a storm and sank. I became the only survivor. Tell me, who is the luckiest dwarf in the kingdom?"

Dafei said in surprise, "It's you?"

Buffett raised his empty glass. "Aren't you going to buy me a few drinks?"

Da Fei quickly turned around and called the shopkeeper. "Give me a few bottles of wine! I'll treat Mr. Buffett!"

Instantly, all the dwarves in the tavern looked at Da Fei and shook their heads and sighed.

Buffett was very satisfied, and he said in a deep voice, "What is luck? When you're so hungry that you can only eat moldy pancakes soaked in seawater and think that you're the most unfortunate person in the world, you see the corpse of the richest person in the world. Then, there's no doubt that you're luckier than him! Luck isn't born out of nothing. The misfortune of others is your luck. If you obtain the blessings of God, it means that others lose the blessings of God and become unlucky. So, do you understand? If you don't, you'll never advance!"

Da Fei was stunned. "So, as long as I win the bet, I can advance?"

Buffett nodded and said seriously, "That's right! Right now, you're extremely lucky. You only need a small opportunity, and this opportunity is to compare yourself with another person who's equally lucky. The other party's misfortune is your luck. How simple and straightforward is this method of advancement! In my opinion, the advancement of luck is simpler and clearer than any skill!"

What the f*ck, I'm so lucky? You can tell? We're not even on the same level. How can I win?