Chapter 223: Exchanging Goods

As the fleet approached the harbor, the entire town was in an uproar again.

When Wings of Light and Whale Catcher approached the dock, the dwarves waiting in line at the dock cheered and swarmed onto the ship!

Da Fei peed on the spot. "Hey, hey! General, this is for sale, not for free!"

Barto laughed. "Of course! We only need to unload the goods. You just need to go to the tavern to trade with Buckley!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "A tavern transaction?"

Barto chuckled. “Of course. We don’t have a proper exchange in this town, so Buckley, the tavern keeper, is in charge of the trade. You’ll find him.”

What the f*ck! There's no official trading center? A gush of f*cking aura rushed towards him! How can this be? But it's better than robbing. I was scared to death just now! That's right. After all, this is a game. The basic rights of players can still be guaranteed. If it was in another world, f*ck, what if they really robbed it?

The town's dock was very small. After Da Fei's two cargo ships docked, there was no way to dock the battleship. Under the guidance of the small ship, Da Fei and Ba Tuo went ashore. Ba Tuo couldn't wait to personally transport the cargo, so he assigned a small soldier to bring Da Fei to the tavern.

Hence, Da Fei brought Katarina, Serbia, Alicia, Cortner, and Spielberg to the tavern.

Da Fei began to excitedly calculate how much he could sell this batch of goods that cost him 50,000 gold coins.

First of all, this was a trip to the overseas Pacific Ocean. As long as there were no native products of the same type in the area, even if it wasn't a local product, it would be the lowest price to sell it at twice the price. That would be 50,000 yuan for 100,000 yuan. Then, if there were urgent items sent over, then doubling it would be the lowest price. Then, 100,000 yuan for 200,000 yuan.

Then there was the risk factor for this journey. The North Sea Sea Sea monsters roamed the sea monsters, and they could lose all their hard-earned money at any time. Therefore, they had to at least double the amount to compensate for the loss of their hard-earned money. Two hundred thousand would be at least four hundred thousand!

That’s right, according to the rules of the trade system, this trip of 50,000 gold coins had to be sold for at least 400,000 gold coins! Yes, at least! It couldn’t be lower than this! This profit was already equivalent to 10 times the profit from long-distance cross-country specialties!

Instantly, Da Fei became excited. 400,000! In the current situation where the game had been launched for more than half a month, it was definitely an astronomical sum. How many things could he do!

They arrived at the tavern, which was particularly eye-catching among the bleak stone houses all over the island. For dwarves, other buildings could be neglected, but the tavern was luxuriously decorated. In fact, for dwarves, they preferred to drink and talk business at the tavern, so the function of replacing the exchange with the tavern also conformed to the culture of dwarves.

The fireplace of the tavern was burning with volcanic lava that had a strange smell to warm it up. Only a few neutral Dwarf Heroes were drinking and waiting for the players to hire them. Of course, Da Fei would not consider such a thing. He would not even want a top-quality item. Da Fei only had eyes for beautiful sub-heroes.

The dwarf named Buckley took the initiative to call out, “Welcome, you must be the warrior who brought us the goods. I’ll be in charge of paying! Please show us your list.”

“Oh, that’s true. Although it’s not proper, its attitude is similar to that of a trader in a large city.

Da Fei could not help but feel relieved. He handed over a thick stack of goods. Buckley took the list and was stunned.

Da Fei's heart tightened. Hey, hey! What's going on? Why didn't the trading page appear? Why didn't the system notification appear? I can't see the prices here!

Holy f*ck! It can't be that this is a scam, right? Speaking of which, this exchange is not standardized, and my trading method is also not standardized! How can there be a logic of unloading the goods first before selling the tickets? This is no different from forcing a sale, oh no, it's actually no different from snatching, right?

Dafei panicked. "Sir, say something!"

Buckley finally came back to his senses. He shook his beard and said in a trembling voice, "Bra- Brave warrior, according to the market price, your goods should be able to sell for 943,434 gold coins!"

940,000! That's twice what I expected! Da Fei was ecstatic. "Then, pay up!"

Buckley looked like he was about to cry. "But we're isolated from the Alliance here. We don't have a bank. We don't have that much money!"

Holy f*ck! What a scam! He actually encountered such a thing!

Da Fei was about to go crazy. "But you guys have already unloaded the goods. I've already seen people opening boxes and drinking on the spot. You, you, you, you actually said you don't have money!"

Buckley hurriedly waved his hand. "But we can discuss it. How about we pay with our goods? Use our specialty mine!" As he spoke, he took out a shiny stone. "This is it. This is strategic material. As long as you transport it back, it will cost more than 940,000 gold coins!"

Ah! Da Fei vomited blood!

Da Fei couldn't help but roar. "Are you kidding me! Do you know how hard it was for me to come here? Do you know how many sea monsters I encountered along the way? Do you know that I was ambushed by the Undead Fleet in order to enter the port? It's a miracle that the goods could reach here! What you mean is that I didn't earn a single cent. Then, I took a huge risk and dragged this ship back. Finally, I wasn't lucky enough to meet a sea monster and get sunk. Then, I didn't get anything!"

Buckley sighed. "Brave warrior, this is much better than returning empty. This risk is worth taking!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "I returned empty? What do you mean?"

Buckley sighed and said, "Warrior, your sailing license is only level 1, which means you can only buy 10 orders of goods a day. If you want your ship's cabin to be fully loaded, you need to wait here for a month. However, we only have two months of unfreezing here every year, and it's almost a month now. If you really wait for a month, you won't be able to return, and you can only stay here for a year! I think that Warrior definitely doesn't want this, right?"

Da Fei was shocked! What the heck, that's true! When I came here, the entire warehouse was filled with players collecting bills. Who would I accept if I'm the only player here?

Wouldn't this sort of exchange solve his problem of receiving goods? Wait a minute! Could it be that the trading method of Fire Dragon Island was to exchange goods for goods? If that was the case, why would he still fight for it? He would be asking for a rebuff from the system!

After calming down, Da Fei could only accept this fraudulent method of playing. The greater the risk, the greater the profit. If he dragged back something like the Purple Crystal mine, it would definitely not be something that these goods could compare to.

Dafei sighed and said, "Alright, then let's change it."

Buckley sighed. "Thank you for your cooperation, warrior."

Dafei said unhappily, "What are you sighing for?"

Buckley said unhappily, "If we hadn't been trapped for three years, we would never have made such a loss!"

F*ck! The system is comforting the players and telling me that the new gameplay is worth it?

Buckley took out a list. "This is the price of the crystals we have here. Warrior, choose the goods you want to exchange."

On the normal exchange interface, the market value interface finally arrived. Da Fei's "940,000" payment that he did not get was also marked on the gold bar. It turned out that he was really trading!

Looking at the various Red Crystals, Green Crystals, and Blue Crystals, Da Fei was too lazy to choose. If he wanted to change, he would change to the most expensive one. It would be faster if he had an empty cabin.

Da Fei chose a Purple Crystal mine that cost 2,200 gold coins per unit. "This is it!" It was indeed an ore. The price was terrifying. Who could afford a normal small dungeon player?

— System Message: You spent 940,000 gold coins to exchange for 427 units of Fire Dragon Island's specialty, Purple Crystal Stone Ore!

Oh, right! It was really a specialty product! If it was a specialty product, it would be at least eight times as long as it wasn't ten times. Even if it wasn't eight times, it would still be five times as long. If it was 9.4 million yuan, it would be 9.4 million yuan! At the very least, it would be 4.7 million yuan! If the risk factor was doubled, it would definitely be 10 million yuan!

Holy f*ck! That can't be. 50,000 gold coins for a few days and a trip back and forth would turn into 10,000,000? I can't believe it! Why is the System so generous? No, no, no, this is a transaction that only happens once a year! And there's such a huge risk. It's much worse than the big Chamber of Commerce running specialties during the open beta. There must be such a huge profit!

Buckley let out a long sigh with a sad face. "Warrior, you are so lucky. These amethyst stones are the output that we have accumulated over the past three years. In the past, the supply ships of the kingdom would have dragged them back along the way. Even if you wanted to buy them, you wouldn't have any."

Alright, although I'm not sure if Purple Crystals are the best here, using ores to exchange for food and drinks is not a good deal no matter what. I'm taking advantage of others. I should be happy. Wahaha! Wait, speaking of luck, shouldn't I ask if there are any experts with Luck Spells here?