Chapter 229: Transforming Into A Giant Ship

The sky was clear, the ice mountain had just melted. The sea swallows were flying in the sky, fish were swimming in the sea.

The fleet headed towards the west of Fire Dragon Island. It was already the peak period of summer, and there were not as many icebergs as when Da Fei arrived.

Where would they reach in the west? The mysterious east, of course. The map of the Hero Continent was similar to that of Earth, but there was no Americas. The Light Alliance of the human Elves and Dwarves occupied the fertile "Europe," the Orcs were in the plains of "Eastern Europe," the Undead were in "Westernia," the Mage Academy was in "Africa," and hell was probably under the boiling lava.

In the East, it was said to be a mysterious country formed by countless islands of various sizes or small landmasses. It was said to be a sea ruled by the Naga Race, and very few people could reach it. It was equivalent to the Indonesian Philippines in real life. Players who were below level 50 would be seeking death if they went there.

However, players could go to the New World's war zone after Level 50, so during the open beta, the various countries' guilds focused their attention on the competition for the New World. There was pitifully little information about the East. Not to mention going to the East to experience a long-distance seafaring journey that was a pain in the ass for a few consecutive days, plus the powerful Naga Race that could not be communicated with, and the production there might not be comparable to the rich New World, so no one went there.

Of course, there were still Beta Gamers who pointed out that in the old world controlled by the NPC Kingdom, the East was the only way for players to obtain personal territory. The prerequisite was that the players were strong enough to hold their ground in the East. However, if the players were really that strong, it would be more suitable to develop in the New World.

All in all, the East seemed very useless.

Of course, Da Fei was definitely not willing to go to places that others were unwilling to go. Who said that the East was the only way to the territory? Wouldn't he have a piece of land underground? In short, he had to quickly settle everything here. Then, he would pull this cargo back and earn eight to ten million yuan. He would have enough money to build the city.

He could only hope that they would not accept any more missions and that everything would be safe.

Da Fei retracted his deep gaze and quietly pulled Alicia to the side. "Are we confident about this salvage?"

Although Da Fei accepted this mission, Da Fei only cared about sleeping and was completely unprepared! His original plan was to try to install six-headed sea demons to scare the octopus, but not only did he not install them, the ship did not even open! Of course, it was unrealistic to expect the ships on the sea to scare off the octopus underwater.

Alicia chuckled. "I'm not sure!"

Er! As expected of Alicia, she was always so reliable!

Anlicia smiled again. “But I developed a new trick. I discussed it with Mr. Spielberg. He thinks it’s feasible.”

Da Fei frowned. "A new move?"

Anlicia sighed. “That’s right. My Skila Illusion Technique has reached a bottleneck. I can’t go any further because I don’t remember Skila’s image very well. At the very least, my memory of the body under the sea is very blurry, so I can’t replicate it completely. This also causes my new technique to be unable to take form. So, I can only change my target and change something else.”

Da Fei was enlightened. No wonder there was no progress in scaring the sea monsters along the way. Did he have to meet Skila again? Damn, no!

Dafei quickly asked, "Then what's your new move?"

Alicia chuckled. "Octopus!"

Da Fei frowned. "The octopus we dragged back along the way?"

"Ice Fruit!" Alicia chuckled and said, "I suddenly realized that octopuses are the easiest to change. Octopuses have a very simple appearance, simpler than any sea monster, and their octagonal symmetry is very orderly. They're much simpler than that weird-looking Skila! If I turn into an octopus, I'll save a lot of energy! The energy I save might help me make a breakthrough!"

Da Fei said happily, "So that's how it is! All the best, I have faith in you!" She was indeed a genius! Her ability to innovate was amazing. However, even if she worked hard, he still had to work hard! His Nautical Skill had always been stuck at the level of Master. If she completed this new skill, she would definitely advance to God-grade Arcana, and he would also be able to break through to become a Grandmaster in one go, right? Wahahaha. Grandmasters were really too easy for him!

In the afternoon, the fleet arrived near a small island. The horns of all the ships sounded.

Bartow said in a deep voice, "We're here! Look under the water."

Da Fei looked down at the side of the ship. There was a faint shadow of a ship under the clear sea water. Fortunately, sunken ships that could be seen with the naked eye were usually not deep. It was definitely not a problem to salvage them. Such a powerful fleet, especially such a huge warship like the Flame Overlord, would definitely not be a problem to defeat the octopus. The most important problem was to lure it out. However—

Da Fei coughed and asked, "General, what if we fail to expel the octopus?"

Barto was stunned for a moment before he burst into laughter. "Let's go catch whales if we fail!"

What the heck! Isn't this too honest? Da Fei said in surprise, "But, but we didn't help you, General. How can we accept your help?"

Barto waved his hand. "Firstly, our fleet has been frozen for ten months. No matter what, we have to find an actual target to train and recover our combat strength. The whales are undoubtedly the best imaginary enemies. Secondly, we lack food. Whaling can store a large amount of food for us for the next year. Of course, all of this will depend on this Mr. Spielberg. Without his whaling ship, we won't be able to catch the whales. But don't worry, we will buy them. So instead of saying that I'm helping you, you're helping me!"

Da Fei was stunned! Dwarves were indeed dwarves. They were too honest! However, it was none of his business whether they bought it or not! It was Spielberg who made the money, not him! Unless he continued being honest and split half of his money!

Hey, hey, hey! It can't be! How can I think like this in front of such a noble character of the dwarves? It's too dirty and low-class!

Just as he was feeling ashamed, Barto chuckled and continued, "Thirdly, I want to be friends with you!"

Friend! What the heck! As expected, my ability is very useful! In that instant, Da Fei was almost touched! Da Fei coughed dryly and said, "General, General, this, don't we always be friends?"

Barto laughed and shook his head. “I’m sorry. You said you were sent by the Duke of Markal. I’m more or less wary. I told you, I hate that man.”

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Could it be that the Dwarfs also realized that something was wrong with Markal? Da Fei hurriedly said, "I'm just an errand boy. I really don't know what's going on between the big shots. Can General give me some advice?"

Barto shook his head and chuckled. "I'm just a minor major. I'm not very clear about matters between big shots. If you like someone, you like them. If you hate someone, you hate them!"

F*ck, even an honest dwarf would have a slippery side to him. Fine, I won't ask anymore. I'll ask about an Epic Mission!

Da Fei and Barto looked at the sea again.

At this moment, Spielberg's whaling ship's flag flashed, and he began to command the other medium-sized warships to arrange their nets. Four medium-sized warships pulled the four corners of their nets respectively and set up a huge pocket formation.

Alicia chuckled. "Captain, it's our turn."

Dafei nodded. "Alright!"

Barto waved his hand. "Forward!"

Instantly, the gigantic Flame Overlord swung its oars and entered the middle of the pocket formation!

Da Fei was so shocked that his jaw dropped to the ground. "No way, Anlicia! You want to transform such a huge ship into an octopus?!"

Alicia laughed out loud. "Ice Fruit! As I said just now, I can save a lot of energy by transforming into an octopus. That way, I can use all my energy to transform the ship!"

Da Fei said in shock, "But! But your ability can only transform into a medium-sized ship, right? It's difficult even for a large ship, how can you directly jump into a giant ship?"

Anlicia took out her divine weapon and shook it with a serious expression. "Firstly, I believe that I can definitely advance to God-grade if I keep transforming into Skila. However, when Skila encountered a bottleneck and had no choice but to target the octopus, the problem arose. The octopus is at least two levels lower than a Demigod like Skila. In other words, no matter how well I transform into an octopus, I won't be able to advance. Then, I can only make up for it on the ship. This means that the ship I transform into must be at least two levels higher than a medium-sized ship. Then, it must be a giant ship!"

Dafei said in surprise, "So that's what you were thinking?"

Alicia chuckled and said, "However, giant ships can only be found with an army. It's almost impossible for civilians like us to board a giant ship. Now that we've finally received the General's invitation, how can we miss it? Therefore, I have to try no matter what!"

Barto chuckled. "Miss, you can board my ship anytime!"

F*ck! Don't even think about using the giant ship to seduce my wife! Da Fei said anxiously, "But you have to do it according to your strength! You can't change the giant ship!"

Alicia raised her divine wand and said seriously, "We don't have enough magic power, so we can use magic power to maintain it. We have 2,600 points of magic power stored on this weapon, which is nearly 20 times the amount of magic power used to summon the Mist. Such a huge magic power reserve will definitely work!"

Dafei said in surprise, "You've tried it before?"

Alicia frowned. "Captain, did you get stuck in the door? The magic power of the magic wand will be gone after you try it!"

Ah! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! He was scolded by his sub-hero! Was he such a failure?

Bartow also chuckled and said, "Lieutenant, you don't have to worry. Miss has told me about the principles behind this skill. In the end, the lieutenant's mission is to hide the people on the ship. Although I don't know how to use Phantom March, I do know how to use Reconnaissance Skill to ambush people. It can also serve the purpose of hiding the troops. I will give you a hand, Lieutenant!" (Note: The ambush skill can hide the entire army, but it can't move)

What? So this improved version of Stealth Sailing could add another skill in? What the f*ck! There was really no end to learning! He had a divine weapon and a general-level person to help him. Perhaps he could really break through in one go?

Da Fei said in anticipation, "Alright! Then I'll have to trouble you, General!"

Barto burst into laughter. "Not at all. Rather than saying that I'm helping you, it's more like you guys are helping me. I also want to take this opportunity to try my advanced skills!"

F*ck! I see. General, you're too honest!