Chapter 220: Viking Undead

Da Fei's ship broke through the ice-covered waves.

After leaving the fleet, the ship’s speed increased by a lot. To be more precise, the obstruction of the floating ice didn’t affect the ship much. Of course, it was difficult for the ship to make a big turn. The large ships here had to control their speed, which was also a huge advantage for small and medium-sized ships. With the addition of Master-level Nautical Skill and advanced Navigator Skills, the ship’s speed was no longer slow.

However, Da Fei was feeling very perturbed. This should be the first time Da Fei was operating a ship alone. The adrift he was when he left Newbie Island did not count. Later on, with Katerina and Anwen's help, he could not forget about it. In short, he had to stabilize things now. A poor student like Anlicia was looking at him, the big captain. He had to remain calm and composed.

This day passed peacefully under Da Fei's high alert. However, Da Fei was sure that the calmer he was, the closer he was to danger.

On the 22nd day, Fire Dragon Island was about an inch away from him on the map! The yellow dots in the sky finally appeared, and there was more than one! At this moment, Da Fei's first reaction was to heave a huge sigh of relief as if he had been relieved of a heavy burden. He sighed with relief and said, "I'm wise and mighty. What should come has finally come!"

What the f*ck, what the f*ck! This idiot felt like he had brought an umbrella with him when he went out, and then he desperately wanted it to rain! This was an illness, it had to be treated!

There was nothing else to say. This place was less than two days away from Fire Dragon Island. If there was no ambush here, there would be no chance!

Da Fei immediately called for Alicia. "Prepare the fog, prepare for Stealth Sailing!"

Alicia said in a low voice, "The duration of Stealth Sailing is related to my magic power. My magic power can only last for two hours at most, so Captain must choose the right time."

Da Fei nodded and guarded his surroundings with all his might. The two hours she mentioned were the two hours in the game, which was the 12 minutes in real life. Of course, it was much better than the 20 minutes in real life when assembling the Ballista. A lot of things could be done in 12 minutes! He did not believe that they could stop his amazing skills.

A fog rose from the surface of the sea. Da Fei was shocked. What was going on? The Vikings could also play high-tech? Perhaps they were not Vikings at all?

— System Message: You have entered the mysterious fog, please be alert!

What the heck! There was even a system notification! In just a short moment, the fog had completely blurred Da Fei's vision. As a high-end player, even if he used his butt to think, he would know that there was a hidden danger in this fog!

Without saying anything else, Stealth Sailing! Let's hide together! No one can see each other!

Then, Da Fei hurriedly asked Alicia, "Are there any more bees?" In this situation, he could only use the bee navigation.

Alicia let out a long sigh and took out the beehive in her bag for the second time. At this time, the beehive was no longer buzzing. "The bees have all died in the battle that blinded Skila last time. Now, there's only one Queen Bee left. I hope nothing will happen to her!" With that said, she patted the beehive, and a slightly larger golden bee flew out and disappeared into the fog.

Alicia pushed Da Fei aside and snatched the rudder. "I'll do it!"

Da Fei did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Of course, of course. You do it!" At the end of the day, he still could not hold his own.

Now, with a solemn expression on her face and her eyes staring straight at the rudder, it was clear that she was receiving the message from the Queen Bee. The boat glided silently through the fog, and the sound of splashing water came from all around. It was obviously the sound of oars striking the water.

Da Fei's heart tightened. They were indeed pirates!

At this moment, cold sweat broke out on Alicia's forehead. "Captain, the number of enemies around us is beyond our imagination! We might not be able to pass through, so be prepared to fail!"

Da Fei was stunned! Too many? This was the legendary Viking that no one had seen in a thousand years? Alright, I was prepared to fail when I came. I'm the bait to step on landmines!

A minute passed! Da Fei clearly saw a long, narrow, and short shadow brush past the flagship in the fog. With this appearance, Viking's rowing boat was definitely there! It was indeed Viking! However, didn't Vikings always shout when they fought? Why didn't they say anything? This pirate was too professional!

On the third minute, Alesia suddenly changed direction and anchored the ship behind an iceberg. Then, Da Fei heard the sound of the oars hitting the water like waves. Then, he saw two long and narrow black shadows passing by on both sides. They were like fire carriages.

Da Fei and Anlicia looked at each other. Both of them were sweating profusely! What the heck, this is not how you play, right?

Four minutes, five minutes, six minutes! The Stealth Sailing effect was more than half done!

At the seventh minute, the Viking train finally crossed the line!

"There are no more enemies ahead. Let's rush out!"

Hopefully, they could charge out!

The anchor took one minute to set sail. Da Fei began to miss the Magic Sails on SV Fly.

Ten minutes later, Alicia's nervous voice was trembling. "The enemy is coming from behind again! Very fast!"

Da Fei was speechless. The road ahead was a blur, and the chances of survival were slim. What else could he say?

At the eleventh minute, the transparent figure of the ship began to gradually become blurry. The effect of Stealth Sailing was about to disappear. Behind him, the rumbling sound of the oars striking the water could be heard. Was this the rhythm of a carpet search? What was there to search for? Couldn't they just remove the fog?

Alicia let out a long sigh. "Captain, we can't hide anymore. We're not as fast as them. We're going to fail!"

Failure? I won't sit back and do nothing!

Da Fei sighed. "Alright, this new ship has another special skill for accelerating. You can die after using it."

Anlicia said in surprise, "However, once you use Acceleration, it's hard to change direction. There are so many floating ice here—alright, it's hard to escape this calamity anyway."

— System Message: You have activated the special skill "Rapid Acceleration" of "Galen Medium Armed Cargo Ship". The overall speed of the ship has increased by 20%! The durability of the hull is continuously decreasing!

With a loud boom, a red '-164' character jumped out of the hull. Then, the bow of the ship lifted up, and the entire ship surged with waves, as if it was loaded with propellers!

Amidst the shaking of the hull, rows of -14, -16, -17 rows of blood-red words kept jumping out! F*ck me, this kind of shaking really felt like driving a motorboat!

“Wow!” Alicia exclaimed and began to spin the rudder crazily!

The ship suddenly tilted, and in the fog, an iceberg rushed towards me!

"Ah ah ah ah!" Da Fei and Anlicia were so calm and collected that they screamed and grabbed anything they could hold on to—Clang! With a loud sound, ice shards flew everywhere. -2431!

The flagship barely brushed past the iceberg! That's right, it was difficult to change direction, and it was impossible to change direction without waiting! Moreover, it was already quite good to be able to change direction!

In that instant, Da Fei seemed to have seen the heroic look on Alicia's face when she was hiding from the huge waves during Katerina's storm—maybe it would work?

Da Fei was excited. "Come on! Come on, Alicia, you can do it! You're a genius!"

"Let go!"

Da Fei was stunned. Oh! So I was hugging her tofu from behind! What the heck, I didn't even know what tofu tasted like during such a good opportunity. Pigsy eats ginseng fruits!

Now, Anlicia was very familiar with turning ships. The flagship swaggered through the gaps between the icebergs and cut through the waves. Behind them was a large row of rowing boats, chasing after them at a straight line! Even with the emergency acceleration, the flagship was still not as fast as the Viking rowing boats!

Da Fei let out a long sigh. At the end of the day, he had accepted a mission that was too advanced. He deserved to be out of luck. It was a pity that he had lost this treasure ship. This was equivalent to losing 1-200,000 RMB! However, it did not matter. Compared to the market value of his game property, this loss was not worth mentioning. He could just treat it as giving his wife some fun. Who was he now? The number one person in China!

The distance between the two sides got closer. At this moment, Da Fei finally saw the Viking who was rowing the boat! What the heck! Are you kidding me? The one whose eyes were emitting green flames was obviously an Undead? An Undead wearing the Viking logo and a Bullhorn Battle Helmet! Undead Viking! Da Fei was stunned!

At that moment, the ship flashed with white light!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your "Garen Medium Armed Cargo Ship" has reached Level 1! Durability limit + 300, Speed + 03.

Da Fei's eyebrows twitched. The ship upgraded? It upgraded just by using more special skills?

At this moment, the distance between the battleship and the undead Viking battleship widened a little. The upgrade time was 03! It turned out that the difference between us was only 03!

Haha! Wahahaha! So that's it! It can be done! It definitely can be done! Da Fei's light of hope lit up again. "All the best! All the best!"

— Clang! Another loud crash. -1211! The ship brushed past the iceberg again!

— System Message: Warning! Your "Galen Medium Armed Cargo Ship" has been severely damaged and is about to collapse. Please stop using special skills!

What the heck! Can I stop? Da Fei gritted his teeth and said, "Charge!"

At this moment, Da Fei's eyes lit up. Blue sky, ice mountain, and the sea appeared in front of him again. A huge fog had rushed out!

— System Message: Congratulations! You successfully broke out of the mysterious fog. You received 2,000,000 EXP!

— System Message: You have obtained information on an Expert Voyager.

— System Message: You received information on Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 33. You have received Free Attribute Point + 1, Wanderer Attack + 1, Health + 2, Skill Point + 1, Advanced Voyager bonus Free Attribute Point + 1.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has leveled up to Level 26! Obtained…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has leveled up to Level 27! Obtained…

Did he rush out of the fog? Da Fei ignored the messages that appeared on the screen. He turned around and saw that the fog behind him had dispersed. The Undead Viking was nowhere to be seen.

Da Fei threw his head back and laughed! Even the Undead Viking could not stop him! You weaklings! Wahahaha!