Chapter 221: Reaching Fire Dragon Island

After rushing out of the fog, Da Fei let out a long laugh.

Now that Fire Dragon Island was right in front of him, he had no choice but to admit defeat if such a thing was going to fall at his doorstep. The mysterious fog had actually triggered the Grandmaster and Voyager information, which meant that its level was not much lower than the Abyss Blood Pool Storm. It also meant that these Undead Vikings had a powerful background. In short, he had to get reinforcements no matter what.

As for now, of course, it was to deal with the results of the victory. Ship, repair it quickly. Oh right, this ship has done a great service this time. It's time to give it a name. Brother, the most troublesome thing is to give it a name. How glorious it is for a mere midshipman ship to make me rack my brains to think of a name. Let's call it Octopus!

— System Message: You have changed the name of "Galen Medium Armed Cargo" to "Octopus"!

Wahahaha! I really have a talent for naming things. This name is so cool and domineering. In the entire sea realm, there isn't a single sailor who doesn't tremble!

After that, Alicia leveled up two times in a row. There was nothing much to say, so she focused on Cogitation until she graduated as a Master. As a Spell Ranger, Cogitation was even more necessary. She had one Skill Point left, so of course, she had to drop the Cogitation Skill sub-skill. The sub-skill of Cogitation was the essence of all kinds of skills that saved mana. It had to be maxed out, just like in Serbia.

The current Alicia also had a Grandmaster and a Master Skill. It could be considered something that she could bring out.

Suddenly, Da Fei noticed that Alesia's expression was very bad. He couldn't help but say in surprise, "What's wrong? We've passed another obstacle. We should be happy!"

Anlicia quietly pulled out her beehive. “The Queen Bee isn’t back.”

Da Fei was shocked. "Dead?"

Anlicia shook her head and let out a long sigh. "I don't know. She has lost contact with me. For the Queen Bee, there is no need for her to come back without her subjects. From the moment I let her out of the nest, I was mentally prepared."

No way! Without a beehive, wouldn't Alicia lose her amazing bee navigation skills?

Dafei said anxiously, "Then can we find another one?"

Alicia shook her head and said with a sad face, "It's no use. Ordinary bees can't compare to her at all. This is Grandma's birthday present for me after much difficulty."

Da Fei frowned. "If she's not dead, where will she go in this vast sea? She can only go to Fire Dragon Island, right?"

A spark of hope ignited in Alicia's eyes. "It's possible! I hope I can find her there."

Now Octopus was moving toward his goal in the rush of sailors. The closer he got to Fire Dragon Island, the less floating ice there was. As long as there was no floating ice, the dangers of the journey would be gone.

On the 23rd day, the sun rose from the east. The surface of the sea sparkled and shone brightly! It felt so good without the floating ice! I saw it. Da Fei finally saw the land at the edge of the sea and sky. He even saw the volcanic smoke that broke through the clouds. That's Fire Dragon Island! Brother, we finally arrived after staying up for two days! Wahahaha!

At this moment, a few green dots appeared on the map. Green dots? They were his people!

Da Fei raised his binoculars in surprise and looked in the direction of the green dot. He saw a few Gryphon Riders flying in the sky! Da Fei was so shocked that his eyebrows jumped. Gryphon Riders! The Dwarf Race's high-end special forces! It seemed that only the capital of the Dwarf Kingdom had them. Why was there one here? The armed forces on Fire Dragon Island were very impressive.

The roar of the crude mines resounded through the sky and sea:

— 'Attention to the ship over there. You have entered the defense identification zone of Fire Dragon Island. Please report your name, Chamber of Commerce, and your purpose. Those whose identities are unknown, according to those who do not report, we will treat it as an invasion, smuggling, and smuggling. We will confiscate you, confiscate you, or wait for severe punishment!'

What the heck! Why couldn't I identify them yesterday! Looking at them diving down and impatiently wanting to "sanction" them, Da Fei peed on the spot and shouted, "We're on the same side! Don't shoot! I'm the president of the Elven Kingdom's Dragon Cavalry Trading Company…"

• • •

Fire Dragon Island was a medium-sized island in the ice ocean at the north end of the Hero Continent. It was said to be a place where evil dragons were sealed. Because of the existence of the volcano, the temperature here was much warmer than the surrounding ice ocean. Even so, this was not a place where ordinary people could stay. Only the strong and tenacious Dwarfs of the Alliance stayed here all year round. Of course, one of the main reasons why the Dwarfs were attracted here was that there were a large number of precious crystal ores in the volcano.

After hundreds of years of operation by the dwarves, this place had already been developed into a small town by a simple alliance camp.

Now, Octopus arrived at the port of Fire Dragon Island under the escort of a few medium-sized sailing patrol ships. The harbor was packed with people.

Wahahaha, the escort was very welcoming! Looking at the low stone houses in the port town and the simple port dock that did not even have a merchant ship, Da Fei could already imagine how bitter the people here were. They were so looking forward to him delivering goods!

Da Fei leaned against the dock. A few strong and powerful dwarf officers as thick as iron towers were already waiting below the escalator. The highest rank was a major.

Faced with their doubtful and cold gazes, Da Fei did not wait for them to speak. He directly took out the invoice and went straight to the point. "Major, I'm here to deliver the goods under the request of Grand Duke Markal. Please sign here!"

Puzzled, the dwarf major took the invoice and mumbled with a big beard, "Markal? I hate that person, but we really need your goods—unload!" Then, he waved his hand, and the dwarfs in ragged armor behind him rushed onto the ship!

F*ck! Tell me, are you guys pretending to be the undead Vikings?

— System Message: You have completed the Commerce Commission for Transporting Medicine to Fire Dragon Island. Please return to the client Duke Markal to receive your reward.

Da Fei was stunned! Are you kidding me? Why do I have to go back and receive my reward? Normally, I should be rewarded directly after I deliver the goods!

Although he didn't receive any rewards from this group of poor people, the major's gaze was obviously much friendlier. "Lieutenant, how did you get here? It's been three years since any ship has come here."

Three years? You didn't die of poverty? I don't have time to ask for the reason. It's good that I know you're afraid of poverty!

Da Fei took out a thick stack of cargo sheets and said seriously, "Major, I've been intercepted by the Undead Fleet in the fog along the way. I still have 2,700 orders of wine, food, medicine, toys, and other goods on the sea. I think you must need them very much! If you need them, please send a large number of troops to escort you!"

The major was shocked. “The undead fleet?”

The officer behind him was delighted. “Fine wine! Food?”

Wahaha, it's better to take action than to be tempted! Da Fei's eyes lit up when he saw them. He said seriously, "That's right, the product from the Elven Kingdom has quality assurance! It's just for sale, not for delivery! I have to say this well! If you don't agree to send troops to provide support, I'll go back immediately. My fleet will be attacked by the undead fleet at any time. I don't dare to stay any longer!"

The major immediately whistled in front of his chest and shouted, "Pass the order, Coast Guard, Air Force Patrol, Mine Security, Town Police, gather!"

The surrounding dwarves roared excitedly in unison, "War!"

All of a sudden, the entire port town sounded the alarm!

Da Fei was stunned on the spot! What the heck, it seemed like the entire army was mobilized? No wonder they were Dwarfs. Their way of doing things was indeed as bold as the rumors said!

That’s right, dwarves had this kind of temper. They never talked nonsense! Therefore, it was quite refreshing to be friends with dwarves, and it was quite painful to be enemies with dwarves. They basically didn’t even have the chance to beg for mercy and negotiate, and they directly cut down lazy people to listen to their nonsense!

Very good, the reinforcements have been mobilized! I have god-like foresight. I'm too awesome! Let's see how much this thing can sell for.