Chapter 227: Divine Artifact, Coin Of Destiny

What should he do when he encountered an opponent that God could not defeat?

As a Saint Fighter, it was not reliable to shout that a small universe would explode. Most of the time, the thing that needed to be done was for everyone to have a good talk, just like how China faced America, just like how Da Fei faced the God of Gambling.

Collaboration was a test of strength and wisdom. Da Fei had obviously found the most suitable method.

At this moment, the two of them were happily exchanging experience in the tavern! What kind of realm was this? Divine rank!

Money was not the key problem. The key problem was to let him win continuously. Da Fei firmly believed that as long as he kept winning, he would definitely reach the God-level!

The two people's fake gambling behavior immediately caused dissatisfaction among the dwarves in the room. Everyone booed and went back to their seats to drink.

As time passed, Da Fei could no longer remember how many rounds it had been. In short, the Gambling God continued to play the legend of being undefeated. Da Fei believed that if someone dared to gamble with him, he could win the entire world within a day! This skill was really too powerful! Using 30 days of bad luck to exchange for one day of invincibility was actually not a loss?

The exchange continued.

Suddenly, Buffett stopped shaking the dice and said solemnly, "I have a strange feeling! I've never encountered this before!"

Da Fei frowned. "Could it be that I'm going to advance?"

Buffett's beard couldn't help but tremble with excitement, and he said in a deep voice, "Let's begin! We'll know in the next round!"

Da Fei nodded excitedly! The results are finally out. I'm so awesome, wahahaha!

The crucial round began!

The moment Buffett's dice entered the bowl, a beam of red light shot up into the sky from above his head. It sounded like glass shattering, and the rainbow light above his head shattered! Bad luck!

The Gambling God had bad luck! Da Fei and Buffett were both stunned!

At that moment, the dice in the bowl came to a conclusion. The two of them were dumbfounded once again!

— System Message: Buffett dropped 2 total points.

2 points! There was no mistake. The three dice had thrown 2 points! One dice was 1 point, and the other was 1 point. The difference was that the dice was placed on the third dice! The system determined that the dice that were suppressed were pointless!

What the heck! Such a situation actually happened!

At the same time, the dwarf who was still watching the bet exclaimed, “Heavens, how could this be?”

All the dwarves in the tavern crowded around again. For a moment, the whole place was in an uproar. "Is there a point smaller than 2 points?"

Everyone laughed loudly. "Unless all three dice stand up!"

Buffett looked confused. "Do you know what happened?"

Da Fei shook his head in confusion! I only know that you don't have the Lucky Divine Light to protect yourself. You can't do it anymore!

Buffett said woodenly, "Your turn."

Is it my turn? 2 points! It's impossible for me to lose 2 points! Unless I'm really awesome enough to make all three dice stand up! Do I have to win? That's right, I have to win! The problem is, if I win, I can't help him advance to God-grade, right?

What the heck! I just need to level up! Who cares! Although Da Fei did not know what exactly happened to him, he had a vague feeling that something big was about to happen. Da Fei could not hold back his joy and threw the three dice!

And just at that instant, a rainbow light rose above Da Fei's head! It appeared! What goes around comes around! My luck has finally appeared!

Before he could rejoice, a red light appeared above Da Fei's head and soared into the sky. With a clang, the rainbow light shattered! It's actually bad luck too? Did I make a mistake? Why did both of them have bad luck?

— Ding dong! The sound of bowls rang out, and the dwarves cried out in surprise. Da Fei's eyes almost popped out!

— System Message: You have invested 2 total points! A draw!

— System Message: You have tied with Buffett in the lucky match. You have obtained information about the Grandmaster Luck Skill!

Da Fei was so shocked that his jaw dropped to the ground! Why did Brother have 2 points too!? Because there was only one dice in the bowl! That meant 2 points!

Where are the other two dice? Ding Dang flew out of the bowl! I don't know if it was because I was too excited just now and used too much force, but it was really the system's arrangement. Anyway, it's a draw now! Da Fei was shocked beyond words! I can't even win his unluckiest situation? However, from a sure loss to a draw. This is a huge turning point! Who knows if I'll win the next round?

At this moment, Buffett also came back to his senses, and he heaved a long sigh with a solemn expression. "I was wrong, I was too naive. This is the last round. According to God's will, let's use this dice to determine the winner."

Da Fei was shocked. "God's will? The last round?"

Buffett looked terrified. "Our actions have angered God! We might be punished by God!"

The crowd of dwarfs gloated and said, "That's right! There's never a rule of returning the money you won from gambling. You will be punished by the heavens!"

Da Fei was stunned again! Enraged God? Could it be that this kind of exchange was prohibited by the System?

"Let's begin!" Buffett put down a gold coin with a dark face. "Let God decide the fate of the loser!"

Da Fei nodded solemnly.

Although I don't know what exactly happened, this is definitely not a normal advancement step, right? I'm too naive!

In the silence of the dwarves, Buffett threw a 3 points!

It was Da Fei's turn. Da Fei took a deep breath. Now, his opponent did not have any godly skills to protect him. From a conceptual perspective, he had lost almost a hundred rounds in a row. Could he win one round?

Ding dong, a crisp sound. 4 o'clock!

Da Fei's eyelids twitched. He won! At this moment, a rainbow light appeared above Da Fei's head!

— System Message: You defeated Buffett in a lucky match. You have successfully comprehended a Grandmaster-level Luck Skill!

I won! I'm a Grandmaster now! Wahahaha! Da Fei stood up excitedly!

At this time, a black rainbow rose above Buffett’s head. What was this?

At this time, Buffett’s face was full of horror, and the dwarves in the field were in an uproar, and they retreated in fear. “Not good, Buffett is cursed!”

Cursed? This is God's punishment for the loser? If I lose, the system will do the same for me?

At this moment, Buffett laughed loudly, then raised his glass and shouted at all the dwarves present, “Friends, I’ve entered a whole new domain. I’ll treat everyone to a drink with the money I won! Buckley, I’ll treat everyone to a drink!”

The crowd was in an uproar. "Are you cursed?"

Buffett took out a gold coin from the table and handed it to Da Fei. He said emotionally, "Thank you. Although you didn't let me advance to God-grade Luck Skill, and at the same time, I was also cursed by God and lost the Luck Skill, I did obtain a skill that only exists among rare demons in the legends. The Misfortune Skill, its effect is the opposite of the Luck Skill! I've had enough of the Luck Skill. It terrifies me. I don't need this gold coin anymore. I'll give it to you. When I saw the corpse of the richest dwarf, Bebel, during the sea disaster, he was holding onto it tightly!"

— System Message: Buffett has gifted you "Coin of Destiny".

— Destiny's Gold Coin: God-grade, Luck Skill level + 1, supplementary skill "God of Luck"!

— God of Luck: The user will receive a whole day of good luck. The user will be in an absolute unlucky state for a month after using it!

Da Fei's mouth widened in shock. "It's a divine weapon!" So the skill he used was a divine weapon skill! I knew that there was no such heaven-defying skill in the Skill Book!

Buffett laughed and said, "It's very similar to an ordinary gold coin, isn't it? He's the one I had at the beginning!" Then he said seriously, "Listen carefully, divine artifacts are not easily used by ordinary people. Lucky, just like the two sides of gold coins, he brought a huge fortune to Balber, but in the end, he was buried! Just now, I was also endlessly squandering the power that the divine artifact gave me. Fortunately, I've stopped. Alright, this place is no longer suitable for my cultivation. I'm going to travel to a new place now. Goodbye."

Da Fei was stunned. "Travel? Take my ship back. I still have many things to ask you!"

Buffett laughed out loud. "I'm about to become a Knight of Misfortune. Whoever I'm with will be unlucky. Anyway, thank you. I hope we can meet at Las Vegas, Goblin Gambling City. Wahahaha!" He took out a returning scroll and disappeared.

What the heck! This guy is not poor. He has a return scroll! The return scroll in this game is not cheap! Oh right, did he just say the Knight of Misfortune? Hidden skill? What the heck, if I lose, I can obtain a hidden skill?

At this moment, Buckley shouted, "Outrageous! He ran away without paying for the drinks!"

Spielberg coughed dryly. "Captain, just now, he didn't return the money."

Da Fei was stunned. "He didn't return the money? Didn't I win against him?!" What the heck, wait a minute, he seemed to have bet 1 gold coin on his last bet! I'm so hot! Not only did this fraudulent dwarf cheat me of my money, he even gave me a harmful divine weapon. He's too bad, too bad, ahhhh!

Dafei laughed loudly and said, "It's alright, I'll pay for the drinks. I'll treat everyone!"

Everyone cheered.

Now, with this God-grade equipment, Da Fei's Luck Skill was temporarily upgraded to God-grade. God-grade, it seemed like a scam! Anyway, it was time to stop!

The sub-skill of the Grandmaster Luck Skill was the Hand of Luck. When a unit in a tactical position activates this skill, the unit's next attack will definitely have a lucky effect. It can only be used once a day.

There was nothing much to say. Although it was far from being as abnormal as the divine weapon skill, it did not have any side effects. Da Fei took out the Luck Skill Book, and with a flash of golden light, he learned it!

As for now, the ship was still being repaired, so he would arrange for everyone to stay in the shop and rest. Presumably, going out to sea to catch whales was another activity that required staying up late. He had been working for two days, so he had to make use of the time to catch up on his sleep.