Chapter 226: God Of Gambling, We'Re Playing 15!

Buffett took out another gold coin and said "patiently", "I only have one gold coin on me, and you have at least 50,000 gold coins. In gambling, it has always been the wealthy gambler who has the upper hand, because after losing one this time, he will bet two next time. If he loses two, he will bet four, and if he loses four, he will bet eight, and if he loses eight, he will bet sixteen, right? He has no reason to lose consecutively, right? As long as he wins one round, all the previous losses will be returned—and for you, as long as you win one round of me, you can advance to a lucky grandmaster. How about it? The opportunity is right in front of you!"

Da Fei's eyebrows twitched. What he said made a lot of sense! Although it sounded unreliable to level up just by winning one round, according to his bet, wouldn't 50,000 gold coins be enough to kill him? He wouldn't be afraid of him!

Fight!

Dafei sat down opposite him and said seriously, "Alright, let's begin!"

Buffett laughed. "Luck is important, but courage is also necessary! You have all the qualities to advance!"

At this moment, all the dwarves in the tavern were in an uproar. "Buffett is finally gambling again!"

At that moment, everyone gathered to watch. F*ck, this was the treatment of a gambling god!

Buffett placed his only gold coin on the table solemnly and said in a deep voice, "I bet one! Now you bet."

Da Fei said in surprise, "Then how much should I bet?" Da Fei was a newbie when it came to gambling. Of course, this was the shining point of Da Fei's noble character. He should be proud instead of ashamed!

Buffett said in a low voice, "You can bet however much you want. In any case, as long as I win, I'll win one gold coin from you. If you win, I'll pay however much you bet. Although I don't have any gold coins anymore, I have valuable treasures on me. So don't worry that I can't afford to lose."

So that was how it was. Dwarves' gambling was indeed simple and clear. Da Fei's goal was not to win money, but to win him. Hence, Da Fei took out a gold coin and said, "I'll bet one too!"

Buffett nodded. "Let's begin! I'll vote first!"

— System Message: Your "Big or Small" bet with Buffett has begun!

In that instant, a rainbow light rose from the top of Buffett’s head, and the entire tavern’s dwarves cried out in surprise, “The God of Luck has visited Buffett again!”

Da Fei looked at his head in shock and peed his pants! Did he make a mistake? Other people's luck would only last for a flash of rainbow light. He indeed had the rainbow light above his head for a long time, just like the Buddha light behind the Buddha statue's head, the halo above the Advanced Angel's head! This was a God-level skill. This was too f*cking amazing! Was he sure he had not reached the God-level?

As the three dice in the bowl landed, he shook out the result. One point, two points, five points. It didn't look very impressive. The legendary Gambling God should have three or six points, right? Was there a chance?

— System Message: Buffett has invested 8 points.

"It's your turn!" Buffett said solemnly.

For a moment, all the Dwarfs calmed down and looked at Da Fei. Damn it, he cheated in front of me. How am I going to win against him? There's nothing to say. It's just one gold coin. I'll invest!

3 points, 2 points, 2 points. F*ck! Are you trying to disgust me?

All the dwarves present exclaimed, "Just one point short! What a pity!"

— System Message: You have invested 7 total points, very regretful. You have lost 1 gold coin to Buffett!

— System Message: You lost to Buffett in a lucky match. You obtained information on the Grandmaster Luck Spell!

Da Fei's brows twitched. There was really a Grandmaster's message. He was not lying! What the f*ck! It was necessary. He was fighting against an opponent with a God-level skill. He had to send a message!

So that was how it was. When Navigator Juan saw through the Pirate King's God-level skill and advanced to the Grandmaster level, he would definitely advance to the Grandmaster level as long as he defeated him!

Buffett chuckled as he kept the gold coin that Da Fei had placed his bet on. He asked, "How is it? Any insights?"

Da Fei nodded and said blankly, "I've learned something. But how long will this skill last?"

Buffett laughed out loud. "Continue for a day! And this skill can only be used once a month! However, only in this state can I improve you in the battle. Only you, who is a temporary Grandmaster, can gain insights in the battle. You can't miss either of the two conditions. If you miss today, you can still come and find me next month, but you have indeed lost the luck of a temporary Grandmaster. Looking for me is just a waste of money! So, do you want to continue? You can't miss this opportunity!"

So that's how it is! This temporary grandmaster is something that can only be chanced upon by luck! Of course, I won't miss it!

Dafei said firmly, "Let's continue!"

Buffett said with satisfaction, "I'll bet two gold coins this time!"

Da Fei's eyelids jumped. He had bet the money he won just now? There was nothing else to say. Let's begin!

— System Message: You lost to Buffett in a lucky match. You obtained information on the Grandmaster Luck Spell!

There was no turning back. Continue!

Buffett nodded. "I'll bet four gold coins this time!"

Da Fei was shocked! If he won again this time, he would bet eight more next time. Wasn't this the legendary cheating number? It was the binary system of computers!

At the beginning, 1 gold coin became 2, then 2 became 4, 4 became 8, 8 became 16, 16 became 32, 32 became 64, 64 became 128, and it was only 7 times. It didn't hurt or itch, but it started to scare people on the 10th time. 1024! That's right, after gambling 10 times, the assets would multiply by a thousand times! So what if he gambled 10 more times? That would be 1000 times, 20 times of 2, over 1 million! That would be 1 million times more!

I don't believe it. After all, I have the temporary Guru boost from the Merfolk Saint, plus 5 Luck points, and the Misfortune hourglass. Oh right, Misfortune hourglass! Is the Misfortune hourglass working?

Da Fei hurriedly checked his Luck Points. That's right! The casino was like a battlefield. The hourglass of misfortune actually worked too! This is it. I don't believe I can't win even one round!

Dafei clenched his teeth and said, "Continue!"

Buffett laughed. "I appreciate it. I'll bet eight gold coins this time!"

What a scam!

As the bet progressed, the entire tavern erupted into enthusiastic cheers. For today’s dwarves, being able to drink the long-awaited good wine, eat fresh fish meat, and eat the long-awaited wheat cakes of the Elven Kingdom, and witness the grace of the Gambling God who hadn’t made a move for three years was truly a great pleasure that was even more satisfying than the festive season!

Now, Da Fei had lost the 10th round! He had lost 1023 gold coins! Da Fei really could not win even one round of these 10 rounds! Although these 10 rounds were nothing compared to Da Fei's 50,000 gold coins, Da Fei knew that after a few more rounds, a mere 50,000 gold coins would not be enough!

This had already exceeded the common sense of probability! Of course, the so-called Saint was able to turn something with an extremely low probability into an extremely high probability. The so-called God was able to turn an impossible thing into a possible thing with a 0 probability! Common sense was unable to explain God-grade techniques!

Da Fei had no choice but to face a harsh reality. He might not be able to defeat the God of Gamblers. Even if there was an hourglass, he would not be able to defeat it. Was it really that difficult to advance to the Grandmaster level? He had already reached this stage and fulfilled the two necessary conditions he mentioned! Could there be an advancement assessment in the game that players could not complete?

Wait a minute? His gambling method was very binary? A wild idea suddenly popped up in Da Fei's mind! However, this idea was too unreliable, right?

Seeing that Da Fei was silent and no longer imposing, Buffett laughed and said, "How is it? Do you still want to continue?"

The dwarves in the room all sighed and said, "Forget it, it can't be done. The God of Gambling, Buffett, is invincible."

Da Fei let out a long sigh. "Mr. Buffett, now that you have the capital, can we make a bet tomorrow? If I successfully advance, I will give you additional rewards."

Buffett said in a low voice, "No! It's not about the money, but from tomorrow onwards, I'll be unlucky for a month in a row, and no lucky treasure will be of any use. In that state, not only will I lose every bet, but I can't provide you with any insights either! I'm not the God of Gambling tomorrow, but an unlucky fellow who's not even worth mentioning!"

Da Fei was stunned. "Unlucky for a month in a row? Is this the price for using the Godly Skill?"

Buffett said solemnly, "That's right! What is luck? Luck is the fate of mortals. What is a lucky grandmaster? When mortals have the ability to control their own luck, they are grandmasters. But when mortals realize that they have control over luck, the truth is so cruel! Luck is still an existence that mortals cannot hope to reach. That's why I'm terrified, so I'm working hard to reach the divine level! Perhaps, the divine level can eliminate my fear!"

Da Fei was stunned for a moment. Could it be that this Grandmaster's luck was the legendary character explosion? One day's worth of luck consumed a lifetime's worth of luck? If that was really the case, wouldn't he be digging his own grave? He did not hope for good luck, but he definitely did not want bad luck. He just wanted good luck!

Da Fei couldn't help but let out a long sigh. "The drawback of Grandmaster Luck is so big. What's there to pursue? I can't afford to be unlucky for a month."

Buffett pointed at the three female heroes behind Da Fei. "It seems that they all learned some Luck Skills. When the commander is unlucky, as long as the deputy hero's Luck Points are passable, your army won't have much of an impact."

Holy f*ck! Are you kidding me! Every sub-hero needs to specialize in the Luck Skill? Then how many Skill Points do I have to spend in total? Isn't that even worse?

Wait a minute! Not only was he very cooperative, but he was also giving me pointers in every aspect. This was definitely not just to win money, right? If it was to win money, why would he need to say so much? Alright, even if he was deliberately showing off his knowledge, at least it meant that he was subconsciously hoping to use this opportunity to improve himself, right?

Da Fei asked, "How far are you from God-grade?"

Buffett shook his head. "I don't know!"

Dafei asked again, "I heard someone say that you haven't gambled in the past three years?"

Buffett sighed. "Yes! I'm so poor!" Then, he laughed. "But it doesn't matter now. The money I've won now is enough for me to drink for three years. How about it? Do you want to continue? I don't care."

In other words, this guy hadn't gambled for three years and had accumulated three years of good luck! If that was the case—

Da Fei said in a low voice, "Perhaps, Sir is not far from advancing to God-grade! Perhaps, today!"

Buffett was stunned. “What do you mean?”

Da Fei shook his head. "I'm not sure. I've upgraded many Grandmaster skills. I have some experience in advancing to a Grandmaster. I think that resistance is not the only way to advance to a Grandmaster!"

Buffett's eyelids twitched. "How is that possible! Gambling has always been a zero-sum game. The luck of a gambler has always been built on the misfortune of other gamblers!"

Da Fei shook his head. "That's a gambler's way of thinking. If you change your way of thinking, that would mean that when a person achieves success, even if a person is lucky, the people around him will also be lucky!"

Buffett frowned. "He and the people around him are lucky. This means that more people are unlucky. This is still Zero Peace!"

Da Fei nodded. "Sir is right, but at least he can let a small portion of the people around him be lucky. Isn't that enough?"

Buffett suddenly came to a realization. "You mean, you want me to break through to God-grade and then you can also become a Grandmaster?"

Da Fei nodded. "That's right. I'm a Ballista Grandmaster. Do you know how I became a Grandmaster? I didn't kill with all my might, nor did I study the new Ballista with all my might. Instead, I taught others the Ballista Skill. When I taught others, my own level naturally increased!"

Buffett suddenly stood up. "Tell me, what are you going to do!"

Da Fei gritted his teeth. "Of course, let's continue gambling!"

Da Fei wanted to implement the absurd idea that suddenly appeared just now. Even if it was absurd, it would still allow him to win a large sum of money in one go. Just like a merchant. The more experience he earned, the more likely it would be for the gambler to advance?

Buffett was stunned. "You still want to come?"

Da Fei turned to Spielberg and sighed. "Sir, can I borrow from you for 14,000 gold coins? It doesn't matter if it's inconvenient for you. I'll think of a way to gamble a few rounds with other people and try to gather 14,000 gold coins before the end of today."

Although borrowing money from NPCs was not reliable, it was not like it had never happened to Da Fei before. He had a huge debt of 100 million.

Spielberg sighed and said, "Although I never gamble, since it's to help Mr. Buffett advance to God-grade, that's another matter. However, I have a request!"

Dafei hurriedly said, "Interest?"

Spielberg smiled and said, "It's a request for Mr. Buffett!"

Buffett was surprised. "What?"

Spielberg smiled and said, "Captain and Mr. Buffett, the two luckiest people, are able to meet in such a remote island and discuss the divine-level mystery. It's really a beautiful story in the entire Hero Continent!"

Cortner immediately said, "I am a poet. I have good connections in the kingdom. I will write this meeting into a poem and spread it around the kingdom!"

"Singing?" A room full of dwarves said in silence, "What do you want?"

Spielberg smiled and said, "Since Captain wants to study God-level skills through gambling, I hope that after the research is over, regardless of success or failure, Mr. Buffett will return the money! After all, this is all to help you!"

"Pay back after winning the bet?" Buffett was stunned, and the dwarves in the room were in an uproar.

Da Fei was so shocked that his jaw dropped to the ground! F*ck! This Spielberg didn't usually speak to him. It was fine if he didn't say anything, but once he did, it was awesome! He had turned gambling into scientific research!

“No! No! We dwarves don’t have this rule!” For a time, all the dwarves booed.

Holy f*ck! It really didn't work? It was one thing for players to not succeed in making such a ridiculous request, but who would have thought that even an NPC like Spielberg wouldn't succeed?

Wait! Da Fei was suddenly shocked. What did it mean when the NPC suddenly appeared? It meant that a special scenario had been triggered! Wasn't this the same situation as when Didi and Lilly were talking to the strange uncle gunners in the cabin of SV Fly?

Triggering a special scenario meant that something important had happened! From his experience, this was the first sign of an advancement! It meant that someone had met all the requirements to advance! That was why the system had specially released a movie! It would succeed! It would definitely succeed today!

Da Fei was excited! Should I do this now? I just have to smile, right?

In the face of the dwarves' objection, Spielberg shook his head and sighed. "Captain, since they don't agree, there's nothing we can do. We can't risk losing money to help people advance to the divine level. I'm sorry, I can't borrow this money."

Cortner also sighed. "It's a pity that there's one less epic poem!"

Dafei could not help but be surprised. What are you all singing?

Buffett slapped the table and said resolutely, "Fine! Money is not a problem. Regardless of whether I advance or not, I will return the money I won from the bet. Of course, the 1023 gold coins I won now will not be returned!"

Da Fei laughed. "As expected of the God of Gambling! Let's begin!"

Now, the 11th round began. Da Fei lost.

Then, the 12th round began. Da Fei lost again. Division 13, Division 14. Da Fei lost again.

The 15th round began. Now, Buffett, who had won 15 rounds consecutively, placed all his bets again. 32,768 gold coins!

And how many gold coins did Da Fei have? 32768!

What would happen if Da Fei lost? The legendary 65535 would appear! This was a magical number! This was a number that was often seen. This was 255x255, the limit of the legendary binary system! In Da Fei's gaming era, whether it was using a cheat to modify standalone games or private server, 65535 was a sacred number. Once he crossed this threshold, -1 would appear, and a new cycle would begin!

Now, in the face of this magical number, God of Gambling, how do you deal with it?

— System Message: You lost to Buffett in a lucky match. You obtained information on the Grandmaster Luck Spell!

Da Fei and the Gambling God looked at each other.

Brother, you're thinking too much! The laws of ancient times like 65535 cannot stop the high-tech game Hero Genesis.

Da Fei could only let out a long sigh. "Gambling God, return the money. We're playing 15 rounds!"