Chapter 239: Hidden Dungeon, Leviathan Lair

Da Fei, Barto, and the others were completely stunned as they looked at the huge black "crocodile" that was spewing smoke like a cruiser. So far, this was the first sea monster Da Fei had encountered that had the ability to "run" on the surface of the sea! Its speed was shocking! No ship could escape its pursuit! The legendary Leviathan was indeed worthy of its reputation!

They were getting closer! Their speed was getting faster! It was clear that Anlesia's plan had succeeded! Although octopuses were good at fighting sailors, they were obviously the best of the best among the sea monsters!

It was getting closer! Its size was close to that of a large ship. If it was really hit by such a huge and fast monster, the Flame Overlord would definitely not be any better! Everyone on the ship could not help but break out in cold sweat and tremble slightly!

I'm going to crash into it! I'm going to see its huge golden eye like a car window!

Barto raised his right hand, his voice trembling with excitement. "Rowing room, get ready—"

"Roar!!!" Leviathan opened his mouth that was like a garage door and let out a roar that shook the sky and the sea. At the same time, a flame shockwave was released!

— Ping pong! The glass of the cockpit ship shattered and flew everywhere! Da Fei felt as if he had been struck by a heavy hammer. -40 points of damage suddenly appeared above his head!

Battle Roar attack! However, he did not have time to care about that. Faced with the flashing flames in front of him, Da Fei did not hesitate to pull Alicia and press her against the ground!

"Charge!!!" Bartow roared!

— Boom! A heat wave engulfed the cockpit!

— System Message: The effect of Giant Octopus Transformation has disappeared!

— Clang!!! Waves of water surged into the sky, and the ship shook violently. -34! Da Fei, who had just laid down, flew out!

They collided!

Da Fei's head was spinning. There was a golden light in front of Da Fei's eyes. There was a commotion in his ears. Da Fei could feel the shaking of the ship. Da Fei seemed to hear the sound of wood breaking one after another. Da Fei heard the screams of the sailors on the ship. Da Fei smelled the burning smoke in the cabin!

Did he succeed?

Boom! There was another huge tremor on the ship! Then, a muffled howl came from the bow of the ship. The vibration and wailing gradually stopped. Then, there was a ding-dong sound!

— System Message: Battle is over! You received 174,000 EXP.

— System Message: You have successfully killed the young Leviathan. You have gained 2.5 million EXP! You have obtained incomplete information about Leviathan! You have obtained the loot: The Key to the Leviathan Nest. You have obtained an [S] class ship assisting equipment. Leviathan has added armor.

Leviathan's Nest Key: The key to enter the space of the Leviathan's Nest dungeon.

Leviathan Additional Armor: [S] class ship auxiliary equipment. Equipment Location: Ship's Side Defense + 100, Magic Resistance + 50%, Ice Resistance + 85%.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has reached Level 28!

Success! Equipment dropped! Da Fei laughed out loud with joy! He did not expect this to work! He really killed it with his head. This Giant Character Transformation was really a godly skill to lure and kill sea monsters! Haha, wahahaha!

“Victory!” The sailors on the warship cheered enthusiastically.

Barto shouted excitedly, ignoring the fireworks in his hair and beard, “Extinguish the fire! Quickly extinguish the fire! Adjutant, check the damage!”

Ha! The morale of the Dwarf Warriors was high as they roared in unison and began to busy themselves.

Barto laughed and patted Da Fei's shoulder. "Friend! This is unbelievable. You're really a commander who can create miracles. Your future is really limitless!"

Alicia patted the dust off her body and mumbled, "Hey, hey! It's clearly my scheme, okay?"

Holy f*ck! Isn't yours mine?

Now, Bartoda Dafei and his team arrived at the Flame Overlord, which was raised high. The material of the ship was squeezed into a completely deformed bow. Then, everyone saw the miserable Leviathan!

Like a grilled fish skewer, the warship's sharp horn pierced deeply into Leviathan's throat—obviously, it had opened its mouth to eat grilled fish, but it had actually eaten a large steel nail.

Alicia waved her magic staff and laughed. "It has paid a heavy price for its arrogance!" As she waved her magic staff, a faint golden smoke emitted from Leviathan's body and floated into the magic staff.

Ba Tuo happily praised, "Miss is right, pride is indeed a big taboo! I've always thought that the Flame Overlord is invincible, but now that it has suffered such a serious injury, it's impossible for it to continue breaking the ice. In short, we must complete the salvage as soon as possible."

Then, he shouted, "Pass down the order, order the fishing fleet to come forward!"

Now, the salvage work was about to begin, and Ba Tuo personally went to command the formation. Meanwhile, Da Fei finally heaved a long sigh of relief and started to check the spoils of war.

Naturally, there was nothing much to say about the armor. Good stuff! Generally speaking, the speed of the ship would be affected if the armor was equipped with retro armor. Not only was the defense enhanced ferocious, it was also highly resistant to magic. It was top-grade!

However, as such a high-end sea monster, it did not drop any God-grade equipment. It really did not live up to its name. However, seeing that it was still a baby, there was no need to ask for more. At least, its soul was definitely of a higher level. It was definitely a seedling of Great Phantom Ship! He had even thought of a name, the Leviathan! Brouhaha! Anyway, he would have to find a high-end sunken ship to salvage in the future. This was also a problem. However, for him, this was not a problem anymore. At the very least, he already knew about the Octopus Sinking Ship and the most luxurious obsidian ship that the God of Gambling mentioned. Oh right, would this Flame Overlord Ship sink? Brouhaha, he was thinking too much.

Now, there was only this instance dungeon key left.

The dungeons in this game were not easy to enter. One needed a key or pass. Reputation points could be exchanged for it, and gold coins could be used to buy it. However, large-scale dungeons or hidden dungeons in the wild needed to be dropped from monsters, or even Boss-level monsters. And this dungeon that dropped a key from Leviathan's body, one could imagine how high-end it was. F*ck, this was nonsense. The key was, where was this Leviathan Lair Dungeon? It was hidden too high-end, right? It must be at the North Pole, right? Could it be underwater? Wasn't this a pain in the ass? The North Pole's water was like hell's lava, jumping down would cost one's health!

Alright, since he was already here, he had to rely on these divers to help him find it. Whether he could enter or not was another matter. At the very least, he had to know the location. At the very least, a hidden dungeon could be sold for a high price.

Da Fei found Bartow and said, "General, I suspect that there might be a Leviathan nest nearby, so please be careful."

Barto started, then nodded. “You have a very good point. We must be careful not to be overwhelmed by a short victory.”

Wahahahaha! As expected of a general, he was quick to listen to advice.

Now that the salvage boats were all in place, the sailors on the boats threw all kinds of floating barrels and ropes into the sea. The divers also began to put on thick, oily seaboard divers to make preparations, which was to drink burning wine. The medium-sized fleet surrounded the salvage boats as a warning. Spielberg was obviously very interested in this Leviathan. He praised his admiration for the president while mobilizing the sailors to unload the cargo.

The salvaging work began. One wave after another of the divers changed positions. No other diver was able to complete the task. Every single one of the divers who climbed up from the sea was shivering from the cold.

Barto said proudly, "The divers are the most elite and strongest warriors on our Fire Dragon Island. In the entire world, only they can accomplish such a feat under the ice ocean! If even they can't do it, then no one can."

Was he advertising for his salvage company? Da Fei agreed. "General, you have a point."

At this moment, another diver rushed onto the ship. He said in horror, "General, I found a door that leads to another space in the dragon's skull!"

Da Fei frowned. "Found Leviathan's nest?"

Barto said solemnly, "That must be the case! The nest of a high-level sea monster like Leviathan will not be casually placed in a crack in the rocks for other sea beasts to have the chance to steal food. The reason why it chose the skull of the dragon as its nest must be to let its young son absorb the magic of the dragon. If there is a first Leviathan's young body here, there will definitely be a second one! However, only the Son of Destiny can enter the alternate space freely. Friend, if you want to go, we can't help you. It's up to you!"

Da Fei's balls shattered! He had not said that he was going! This was obviously a high-end dungeon. It was obviously a product of his era. It was up to him? Wasn't he asking for a beating?

Tsk! I've already come this far, let's go take a look! With my current net worth in the game, I'll just treat it as a trip to a high-end dungeon. The general is right. If I can get the first key, of course I'll get the second. I can afford it!