Chapter 233: Whaling Through Ice

Dragon's Tomb! Could there be a dragon's tomb in the North Pole?

Da Fei was shocked. "General, you mean that there are ships that can replace masts in the Dragon Tomb?"

Barto laughed and said, "Isn't it just the bones of dragons?" Then, he said in a low voice, "Don't think that the dragons in the dragon graveyard are on the same level as those young dragons in the Elven Kingdom. Those young dragons are just like the tadpoles in the pond. Only a few can really live to adulthood, and even fewer can live until they die of old age! You can't imagine how big a real dragon is. They are the products of the ancient mythology era. After the war between the dragons and the Titans in the mythology era, dragons rarely appear in our world, but there are still a small number of dragons. For example, an old dragon flew past our Fire Dragon Island a hundred years ago. When it flew over, it was as if the entire island was covered by its huge size!"

Looking at his shocked and frightened expression, Da Fei could not help but nod repeatedly. However, Major, I know that dwarves have a long lifespan. Were you still a Major 100 years ago? You haven't been promoted to an official in 100 years?

The more Barto talked, the more excited he became. "At that time, the sea of Fire Dragon Island was frozen, and our warriors rode the ice sled all the way north. Of course, we knew that this dragon was going to the dragon's tomb. We wanted to find the location of the dragon's tomb by tracking it. Legend has it that there are many treasures buried in the dragon's tomb—"

What? Find the location of the Dragon Tomb? Da Fei hurriedly asked, "General, you don't know the location of the Dragon Tomb?"

Barto's beard trembled. "Of course not! That's a place that mortals can't reach! We can only know from myths and records that the old dragon has this habit, just like an elephant. In short, when our warriors had no choice but to give up chasing after them due to the extreme cold, an accident happened. The old dragon finally couldn't fly anymore. He fell from the sky, broke through the ice, and fell into the sea!"

Da Fei was enlightened. "In other words, we can salvage this dragon skeleton?"

Barto said excitedly, "That's right! This way, our salvage fleet won't be returning empty-handed! Do you know what the big beam at the bottom of the ship is called? It's called the dragon bone! The toughness of the dragon bone is needless to say. It definitely won't be broken by a soft eggplant like an octopus. And the dragon is a flying creature. Its bones are empty and light. It's most suitable to be used as a ship material. Most importantly, the older the dragon, the more magical its bones are. As long as magic runes or various magic circles are engraved on the dragon bone, it's equivalent to a magic tower that follows the ship. The dragon bone is the most precious strategic treasure! It can only be chanced upon by luck!"

What the heck! This Dwarf General is indeed the Earth Overlord of this land! He knows all about the shipwreck divine equipment, Viking undead, and dragon skeletons! It's really a high-end route for me to get close to him!

Dafei said in surprise, "Then what danger can we encounter?"

Barto said seriously, "The dragon is full of treasures. If it falls into the sea, it will definitely attract sea monsters to come and eat its flesh. The sea monsters that eat the flesh of the dragon will become very strong without thinking. So, I also have two plans. One is to pray that the sea monster will leave after eating the dragon. Of course, there will still be some ordinary sea monsters that are attracted by the dragon's magic power. We can think of ways to deal with them. The other plan is that once the sea monster is still around, I hope that your ability can help us. Use your illusion to lure the sea monster away. We'll work harder to fish it out. For Miss Elf who has advanced to a God-level Arcana Technique, there shouldn't be any problems with the technology."

Da Fei’s brows jumped. Lure away the sea monsters? Didn’t old grandma Anwen perform a mobile phantom army at the Abyssal Blood Pool? It might work! It was worth a try!

Dafei hurriedly said, "Alright, I'll definitely help you with this!"

Barto laughed heartily. "Whether we succeed this time or not, Lieutenant, I will definitely make you my friend!"

What the f*ck, what right do I have? You're only willing to be friends with me because you saw my wife!

— System Message: You have accepted the mission "Fishing the Ice Ocean Dragon Bone"!

— Mission Hint: Fishing in the frozen ocean is extremely difficult. Sea monsters and frozen seawater are all problems that must be faced during the Fishing.

Sure enough, I'm on a mission. I've already accepted two fishing missions. How obsessed are these dwarves with fishing! That's right, in the seafaring field, dwarves are not good at anything, but only dwarves are tough and strong. Their divers can reach a depth that humans and elves can never reach. Furthermore, dwarves are born obsessed with treasure. Fishing is really their forte!

Alright, since I've met a professional team, I must seize this opportunity. The sunken ship divine weapon was not successfully salvaged. I must complete this dragon bone!

Dafei asked again, "Then when are we leaving?"

Barto laughed. "Of course we'll go after we catch the whale. The whale meat can be used to attract sea monsters!"

Da Fei was in awe! Although he looked like a careless dwarf with a beer belly, his intelligence was all there! This NPC’s intelligence was not inferior to Anwen’s at all! If Anwen was teaching the players how to use Arcane Spells, then he was undoubtedly teaching the players how to fish!

Now, Barto hurriedly gathered the flat cargo ships of the salvage team for a meeting. Of course, Da Fei also went to gather the wives of his lieutenants for a meeting. Wait a minute, Cortner is here too! Damn, I actually didn't see him all this time. Alright, I just ignored the men automatically. This is still a little troublesome. If the fleet is really annihilated, he will die along with them and cause me a lot of trouble! Isn't this causing trouble?

• • •

It was dawn, and the sky was red. The floating ice on the surface of the sea was vast, and the fleet had almost entered the North Pole.

As soon as Da Fei exited the cockpit, a gust of cold wind blew at him. His face felt like it was being cut by a knife! -1! What the heck! It was really cut by a knife. Blood really dropped!

It could be imagined that if it weren't for the extremely strong Dwarf sailors, how could an ordinary level 1 sailor like the Family of Ports, which cost 70 gold coins each, survive here? This wasn't the Arctic Circle. How harsh would the Arctic Circle be when it came to collecting dragon bones? The biggest challenge in the Arctic was definitely not sea monsters!

Bartow pointed at the red glow on the horizon and said in a deep voice, "From now on, it will be extremely daytime here, which is half a year's time, half a year's time, and half a year's time. It's still summer now, and the ice surface is starting to thaw. This has created the best time for our operation. If it doesn't work this time, then we'll have to wait until next year."

Da Fei nodded. "I see. But next year, I promise that I will be stronger. I will definitely succeed."

Barto chuckled. "The situation in Beiyang is unpredictable. The best we can do this year is this year."

What the f*ck, you're trying to trick me again? Da Fei immediately shut up! Although he had difficulties, he had to go. Even if there were no difficulties, he still had to go. However, it was only limited to the mission where he would not suffer any losses. He still had his principles.

Bartow pointed at a large lake in the distant ice. "There's an underwater volcano there, so that sea doesn't freeze all year round. The warm water temperature attracted a large number of fish and prawns, and a large number of whales gathered there. We named that place Whale Lake!"

What the f*ck! So this was the place he said last night that he would never think of? Didn't this become a fishery? It turned out that the North Pole, this godforsaken place, was so meaningful. He had not been a major for a hundred years for nothing. He had not come here for nothing!

Da Fei hurriedly asked, "But there's still ice around the lake. How are we going to get there?"

Barto patted the side of the ship and laughed. "Our Flame Overlord is the overlord of the ice ocean. How can mere floating ice stop it?"

Da Fei was enlightened. "The General's Flame Overlord has a special icebreaker!"

Bartow said proudly, "That's right! But only the ice of this season can be broken!" With a wave of his hand, the fleet's horn sounded.

The fleet then formed a long snake-like formation and followed closely behind the warship.

Barto shouted, “Ready! Charge!”

For a time, war drums sounded on the warship, and shouts filled the air. The oars sounded at the same time, and the warship suddenly accelerated, like a sharp knife rushing into the ice ahead!

"Hold it steady!"

Boom! The ship shook violently. With a loud bang, a hundred-meter long crack appeared on the ice!

Da Fei was so shocked that his eyes shrank. This was the impact of a huge rowboat! If it had hit an ordinary battleship, it would have instantly killed it! Unfortunately, the opponent of such a huge ship was a sea monster! This was really a world without rings.

Bartow said in a deep voice, "Breaking the ice requires a lot of stamina and strength for rowers. Once a sailor loses his stamina midway, our ship will be frozen, and the power of the ice can easily crush any ship. So, to come here, not only must there be a super strong warship, but also an absolutely powerful sailor!"

Da Fei nodded in shock!

This is the North Pole. Even if I'm familiar with it, it's impossible for me to come here with my own strength at this stage. That's not right either! The highest-level sailor that can be hired by my family in Harbor City is the Level 4 Weapon Level Expert Cannon Gunner. But those sailors with 40 HP are not on the same level as the warriors under the general! The dwarf warriors under the general are at least at the elite level!

In other words, even if the players had the icebreaker giant ship, it was still impossible for them to reach this place without a full elite sailor army! And if they were full of elites, their commanding power was truly beyond the horizon!

High-end! Only then did Da Fei realize that this Dwarf General was showing off his high-end power! The NPCs' power was really something that the players could only look up to. Furthermore, this was only the strength of a island-guarding major. What would happen if it was a major power like the Elven Kingdom? How could he snatch back the Divine Artifact from the kingdom's power and save the mermaid sacrifice?

Markal was right. The closer he was to God, the more insignificant he felt. Speaking of which, what heights had Markal reached? It was unimaginable! The Epic Mission was indeed a pain in the ass! He could not be complacent just because he had completed a level 30 Epic like the Pond of Light and Blood Sea Kindergarten.

In front of the huge impact of the Flame Overlord, the ice surface was like a piece of paper that was being torn apart continuously. The fleet went deeper. Finally, the scene in front of them opened up, and a huge steaming lake appeared in front of them.

Waves surged on the surface of the lake, and fountains rose one after another. Bartow chuckled and said, "That's a Tiger Whale! But a Tiger Whale isn't worth much!"

Da Fei nodded in surprise!

Barto looked to the side and smiled. "That's the sphincter whale! The natural enemy of the octopus sea monster! We thought of using it to deal with the octopus, but unfortunately, we don't have the strength! The sphincter of the sphincter whale is very valuable!"

Da Fei continued to nod. This place was totally a whale farm! Whaling here was basically sitting on the ground and farming monsters. There was no need to rely on the speed of the whaling boats to catch the whales!

Barto pointed at the glittering silver water in the distance. "Speaking of really valuable goods—that's the target Mr. Spielberg is looking for, the Horned Whale! I heard that every adult whale horn can be sold for at least a hundred thousand gold coins!"

Da Fei nodded in shock! How much money would he earn from this trip?

Barto laughed. "See that shining golden whale horn? The king of the single-horned whales! The value of the whale horn is immeasurable!"

Boss-level whale! Da Fei was shocked. "Then, General?"

Barto laughed out loud. "Of course we're going to deal with it! As long as we have my Flame Overlord to escort us and our friends' divine skills to ambush us, this cunning and cruel fellow is absolutely not our match! This is also why I brought you here!"

Da Fei was ecstatic. "Alright! This is it!"

…