Chapter 235: Horned Whale'S Large Collision

Looking at the pitch-black sea around the ship, the entire ship was shocked!

But it was not over yet. As Anlicia continued to wave her staff, black mist began to rise from the dark sea, and the entire whaling ship was covered in black clouds.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, used God-level Arcane Summoning Mist Magic!

He cast two spells consecutively! The black water and black fog in the water had completely blinded the single-horned whale!

Black fog was easy to understand. In the past, the fog summoned by the old man in the sea of blood was all blood fog. In other words, what color was the surface of the water, and what color was the fog summoned? Then, was this black water transformed from octopus ink? Was this a God-tier Arcana Technique? And the fog of Alicia clearly controlled the area intentionally, so the sailors on the ship could not see much. Was this also an effect that only a God-tier Arcana Technique could achieve?

Genius! This Alicia is really a genius! There's no need to explain how awesome a genius is! Wahahaha! Da Fei finally recovered from his shock and let out a long laugh.

The sudden confusion caused chaos among the other whales, and the morale of the sailors was greatly boosted. It also bought precious time for the dwarf fleet to arrive!

The whale king endured the bone-piercing pain as it made its final struggle. It rose into the sky and crashed into the whaleboat's armored hull, but with the sailors working together, its life and stamina were rapidly depleting. After all, the horned whale's size meant that it was not a creature with strength and endurance. Once caught, its defeat was certain.

Alicia shouted, "There's no way! Quick!"

Spielberg made a prompt decision. "Lay the net on the lift!"

With a whoosh, the mechanical arm that had been prepared in the middle of the deck dropped the fishing net and covered the struggling Whale King!

"Pull the net!"

With a creaking sound, the sailors behind the lift struggled to lift the ten-meter-long Whale King out of the water!

It was at this time that the black fog dissipated, and the black water disappeared, and the horned whales that had just been in chaos finally regained their vision. And what greeted them was indeed the head-on collision of the dwarf rowboat!

Bam! Bam! Bam! Blood spurted out, and five or six single-horned whales died tragically under the sharp impact horns! The other single-horned whales immediately sank down and fled when they saw that the situation was not right.

— System Message: Battle is over! You received 87,500 EXP!

— System Message: You have successfully captured the Horned Whale King! EXP + 1.3 million! You have obtained an [S] class treasure, the Horned Whale’s Large Collision.

— Single-Horned Whale's Large Colliding Horn: [S] class treasure. Large ship's support equipment. Siege weapon. Attack: 200. Basic Damage: 2000. Damage increases by + 1 per ship's speed. Damage increases by + 200. Special skill: Gouge bottom, reflective, break ice. Equipment location: bottom of the ship's bow.

Chisel: Ships that have been hit by the corner have a high chance of breaking through the hole and entering the water, accelerating their sinking.

Reflective: When the target ship's defense is above 150, the impact will have a negative reflection effect on the user. (Note: Reflective is a hidden attribute of the building unit. When the building's defense is far higher than the attacker's attack, it will reflect damage to the attacker.)

Broken Ice: The collision angle's attack on the Floating Ice is doubled (Attack + 400). Floating Ice with a Defense of less than 350 will not have a rebound effect on the Broken Ice Ship.

The battle ended and the entire fleet cheered!

Da Fei was stunned as he looked at the newly obtained treasure! Da Fei rubbed his eyes and carefully looked at the treasure. That's right. 200 Attacks. Basic Damage: 2000! Da Fei was not mistaken. It was not something that could be reached by manpower. This was a weapon specially used for large ships!

What the heck! Da Fei jumped up excitedly! Awesome! Too awesome! As expected of the treasure dropped by the Single-Horned Whale. It matched its identity and taste too well!

What would happen if he installed this ram horn on SV Fly?

SV Fly's maximum base speed was 10. The 185% increase in speed of a grandmaster-level master-level seafarer was 285 meters per second! Even modern ships could not compare!

Collision Point + 1 Speed + 200 Damage, that was 5700 Damage. In addition to the 2000 Basic Damage from Collision Point, that was 7700! Other than God, this was definitely not the kind of damage that a biological Boss could deal!

Then, there was the terrifying 200 Attack Points! Isn't that terrifying? No, no, no, it's just so-so. The defense of the city wall, which is usually forged with molten iron, will easily be above 300. However, for the water ship, 200 Attack Points is quite terrifying! My SV Fly only has 80 Defense Points! The difference is 120 Attack and Defense Points. 1 Attack and Defense point difference increases by 5%. 120 Points means 600%. The damage is multiplied by 7 times! 7700's 7x means 54,000 HP! How much HP does my SV Fly have now? The damage is less than zero!

As for medium-sized ships like Octopus, which had 30 Defense and 30,000 HP, it was even more impossible to calculate. It would sink instantly after a collision!

Haha! Wahahaha! I've made a killing this time! Just now, I was still worrying about how to deal with the British. Now, I have a solution. I'll use a godly skill to sneak behind them and blast their chrysanthemums! Let's see how long he can last!

At this moment, Spielberg excitedly gave Da Fei a bear hug and laughed wildly. "Captain, thank you so much! I really can't imagine that without your help, I wouldn't have been able to fulfill my wish! No, this has already far exceeded my expectations. This is an unbelievable place, using an unbelievable method to capture incredible prey! In the entire world, no one has been able to capture the Unicorn Whale King. I don't even have the chance to see it! Captain, I'm rich! After I sell the goods, I'll definitely give you one-third to express my gratitude. The other one-third will express my gratitude to the General!"

Split the money! I like it the most. This old fellow is really too good! Da Fei laughed hysterically and said, "Not at all, not at all. For me, who has reached the God-level, there's nothing I can't do!"

Spielberg was so excited that his face was full of shit and urine. "Captain, you're really too amazing. You're too young for your own good! I've decided, I want to follow you!"

Dafei said in surprise, "Join me?"

Spielberg said firmly, "That's right, I want to join Captain's Chamber of Commerce. Please take me in!"

Another NPC wants to join my Chamber of Commerce? This is bringing a large ship to seek refuge with me! Da Fei's eyelids twitched in shock as he suppressed the joy in his heart and asked, "But, do you know that my Chamber of Commerce is cursed by the Sea God? Once you join my Chamber of Commerce, you will encounter endless danger!"

Spielberg said in a deep voice, "I've thought it through. My current ability is no longer able to control my whaling ship. I need to train. Only by following Captain can I improve my ability! For a whaling person who is in a high-risk industry, it's already dangerous enough. It doesn't matter if it's more dangerous!"

— System Message: Whale Catcher Spielberg requests to join your Dragon Knight Merchant Association. Do you accept?

I've already said this much, do I still have to choose? Of course, I'll accept it with a smile! Da Fei looked up and laughed again! Today is the third day of happiness! I'm going to get a ship for this long journey. If I want goods, I'll get goods. If I want God Tools, I'll get God Tools. If I don't get number one in the world, who else can?

Now Spielberg’s vigorous command sailors hung the whale in the butcher’s cabin while the dwarves excitedly fished the ordinary whale that had crashed to the ground.

Spielberg was right. With the sharpness of the Single-Horned Whale, it would be difficult to even get close to it, let alone capture it. This was all thanks to the divine skill, and the one who contributed the most in the divine skill was none other than Anlicia. If not for her new invention, the whale meat that reached her mouth would most likely have flown away!

Da Fei asked happily, "Alicia, what was that black water magic you used just now?"

Alicia was waiting for Da Fei to ask. She smiled proudly. "The improved Illusionary Legion!"

Da Fei was stunned. "Illusion Army?"

Alicia said proudly, "Of course, an ordinary Illusion Army is just a duplicate of an item and a duplicate of a human. This is not a skill, but a duplicate of liquid is a skill!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "That means you're a duplicate of the octopus ink?"

"Ice Fruit!" Alicia laughed out loud. "Ever since I discovered the effect of the octopus ink that night, I've been paying attention. This thing is much more effective against sea monsters, but I don't have enough skills and haven't made any progress in my research. Yesterday, after I advanced, I could finally try it, so I thought hard for the whole night and finally put the theory into practice!"

Da Fei was enlightened! So she had been studying the new magic last night! Who said this child was ignorant and incompetent? She just did not find a target she was interested in!

Advancing beyond the Highgod Realm to a new vocation was something that could wait!

At this moment, Barto also came over in a small boat. He laughed and said, "Mr. Spielberg, do we continue?"

Spielberg hurriedly bowed and said, "Thank you, General. I'm already very content with this trip, so I don't dare to trouble you anymore. In order to express my gratitude to you, I'll give you a third of the whale horn I sold!"

Barto laughed out loud and patted Spielberg's shoulder. "You have such a good friend. Alright, let's go to the North Pole now and fish up the dragon bones!"