Chapter 238: The Legendary Leviathan

In the Arctic Ocean, the sun hung low on the southern horizon, emitting a faint white light. It slowly moved around this world of ice and snow, illuminating the entire world in a white light. This was the extreme day of the Arctic summer that lasted for half a year. The sun would not rise, and it would not land for months. Under the light of the setting sun, and pushed by the South Atlantic current, the endless ice sheet in the Arctic Ocean began to disintegrate, and the loud sounds of ice shattering and ice entering the sea rose and fell.

The Flame Overlord led the fleet to break through the ice in this vast world. The closer they got to the Arctic Circle, the more serious Ba Tuo's expression became.

— System Message: You have entered the Arctic Circle. You have received the negative effects of "Polar Cold".

— Polar Cold: Reduces speed by 30%, increases stamina consumption by 30%.

It was finally time.

Barto said in a deep voice, "If it's winter, it won't be just this little reduction. The biggest challenge of this mission is two things. Firstly, the cold water temperature is not good for the scuba divers. Secondly, the sea monsters are also the most active during this season. Try not to fight if you can. After all, the strength of the sea monsters in the North Pole is not something ordinary oceans can compare to."

Da Fei nodded. "I will do my best to help."

Da Fei opened the sub-hero equipment in the equipment column and checked the attributes of the Sea Soul Battle Armor.

— Sea Soul Battle Armor: Divine Artifact, + 20 Mana, + 20 Knowledge, Special Skill: Reincarnation Ghost Ship. Has absorbed Intermediate Leader-level creature soul + 1, Absorption Transformation: Currently obtained + 635 Mana.

Da Fei's eyebrows twitched. After the whale hunt yesterday, he had obviously absorbed the souls of the One-Horned Whale King and five ordinary One-Horned Whales. However, from the divine equipment display now, only this Boss' soul was left. The five ordinary One-Horned Whales did not even have a single bubble left! In other words, ordinary nameless monsters were completely absorbed and turned into mana. Only Boss-level existences would have their souls sucked away? It was a vast ocean. How could it be so easy to find a Boss? It seemed that mass-producing Specter Ship was not that simple.

Based on the current mana reserve, the small monsters did not have much mana that could be converted. However, for Alicia who had already reached the God-grade realm, she could already do many things.

— Boom! There was another loud sound of shattering ice in the distance! Everyone turned to look and couldn't help but be shocked!

A gigantic whale that was as large as a ship broke through the ice layer and broke out of the water. Its gigantic black body spun 360 degrees in the air before crashing down with a loud bang. Waves of ice shards shot into the sky!

Da Fei's jaw dropped!

Barto's expression changed, and he shook his beard. "Although the North Pole is the harshest place in the world, it's also the end of the South Atlantic Ocean and the East Ocean. Countless fish flocks are gathered here, so this is also the place where the most gigantic whale monsters are scattered."

Hey, hey, this is not the time to be lecturing! Da Fei said in shock, "If the sea monsters we meet are as big as it is, are we confident?"

Barto heaved a long sigh. "The ocean is not our domain after all."

Da Fei could only let out a long sigh. Initially, Da Fei had followed along with the thought that he would rather die than die. He did not care how strong the enemy was. However, it was different after Spielberg joined the Chamber of Commerce yesterday. He was one of them now. If something happened to him, he would be at a huge loss!

Moreover, his joining the Chamber of Commerce meant that his ship was also the target of the Sea God's attack. Who knew if so many sea monsters here would attack together under the Sea God's call? Damn it, he had miscalculated!

As the fleet advanced, the ice in front of them became more fragmented. Large patches of the sea surface appeared, and there was no longer a need for the Flame Overlord to specially break through the ice. It was obvious that this was not the normal order of melting ice, but the signs of the sea monsters' frequent activity. For a moment, the entire fleet was on full alert.

Bartow took out the sea map and said with a serious expression, "We're almost there. The dragon bone is like a big bone in the kitchen. Not only do we mortals regard it as a treasure, but the sea monsters also like it very much, so we have to be prepared to deal with the sea monsters. However, our mission this time is mainly to train our soldiers. If it really doesn't work, we'll retreat."

Well, as expected of a brave and opportunistic dwarf. I just hope that I can withdraw when the time comes.

Not long after, an eagle's cry came from the sky. A Dwarf Warrior hurriedly ran into the cockpit. "General, the target has found a sea monster!"

Ba Tuo's expression changed, and he said in a low voice, "Continue scouting!"

“Yes, General.”

Da Fei sighed in his heart. F*ck, there was a big octopus guarding the sunken ship, and a sea monster guarding the dragon bones. This Dwarf's fishing mission was really f*cked up! However, their Reconnaissance Eagle was too awesome! Compared to it, Big Brother Bi's God-level Reconnaissance Skill was simply too weak. Needless to say, this Reconnaissance Eagle was definitely the key to surpassing God-level advancement jobs.

Suddenly, Da Fei thought of the Blood Eagle Flute that he did not have time to return in his bag. Wasn't this the Reconnaissance Eagle? However, this thing could only be used once a day, and the time it took to use it was also short. It was completely unable to deal with a large-scale search on the sea. Oh right, when he returned, should he look for that ranger president and ask him? Yup, his current identity was different from before, so he had to give him face.

The fleet was getting closer to the target sea area. They could only see mist rising from the sea ahead. Bartow put down his binoculars and hurriedly ordered the fleet to stop advancing. He shouted, "Scouts! Why didn't you report the situation!"

The Dwarf Warrior said with a nervous expression, "Reporting to General, reconnaissance eagle, has not returned…"

Bato's expression changed! Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! What the heck, what kind of sea monster is this? It can even fight planes? This is too fierce!

Barto said grimly, “What do you think, my friend?”

What the f*ck! Are you asking me if I should retreat? Even though I don't even need to think to know that this sea monster guarding the bone dragon is ridiculously strong, I should at least experience it for myself, right? Wait a minute! It's not rare for a flying eagle to encounter an animal, but this Blood Eagle Flute is a Spirit Eagle. It can't be that nothing will happen to it, right?

Da Fei immediately took out the Blood Eagle Flute. "General, let me check it out first."

Barto nodded solemnly. "It's up to you."

After clicking on it, the Spirit Eagle that he had not seen for a long time soared into the sky. Da Fei's field of vision widened, and he had a bird's eye view of the entire Ice Ocean. Da Fei controlled the Spirit Eagle to fly towards the mist in front of him. Closer, closer. Da Fei vaguely saw a black body spewing smoke! What the heck! Skila also had this move! Was this the symbol of a high-level sea monster?

The eagle flew into the clouds and saw it!

There was a gigantic black crocodile sleeping on the ice! No, there were two pairs of long sharp horns on its head and more than ten long meat tentacles on its abdomen. The mist was coming out of its nostrils! And its nostrils were faintly emitting flames! F*ck, why would sea monsters breathe fire? What was this thing that looked like a dragon or crocodile?

Just as he was shocked, the Spirit Eagle's usage time was up and it disappeared. Da Fei was stunned!

Barto asked, “What did you find, my friend?”

Da Fei was stunned. "I found a monster that can spray…"

After listening to Da Fei's description, Ba Tuo's expression changed drastically. "Friend, perhaps we should retreat for this trip. If I'm not wrong, this fire-breathing sea monster is the legendary Leviathan!"

Da Fei was shocked. "Level 8 Leviathan?"

Barto said seriously, "That's right. Legend has it that God created the world in seven days, and on the sixth day, he specially created two giant beasts. The males are Behemoths, known as the overlord of the desert, and the females are Leviathan, known as the overlord of the ocean. When the apocalypse comes, mortals must capture these two giant beasts to be the sacrificial offerings for God. Although they are only offerings to release life, this Leviathan was created by God himself, and its actual status is much higher than that of angels!"

— System Message: You have obtained information regarding Level 8 Leviathan!

Da Fei was stunned! This was a f*cking mythical beast! This was the second time he had collected information about Leviathan in the game. The first time was in the Artillery Chief's diary! It was also sprouting smoke and chasing after the ship, but his description was as big as an island?

Da Fei said in shock, "But its body is much smaller than the legendary sailors. It can even sleep on ice?"

Barto sighed. "It should be a larva! Just like the Emerald Dragons in the Elven Kingdom, it'll be as big as an island when it grows up. However, no one has discovered Leviathan, which is as big as an island, in the world. Only the rich and resourceful New World can provide for a behemoth like Leviathan. However, it's really surprising to meet Leviathan here. I think it must have been attracted by the nutrients of the dead dragon. Even if it's a larva, its strength is not something ordinary sea monsters can compare to."

At this moment, Anlicia spoke up as well. "It is said that Leviathan is arrogant and ruthless. He will hunt down intruders without mercy."

Bartow sighed. "So we should retreat before it's too late." He then shook his head and sighed.

Retreat? What the f*ck! Even an adult body was forced back by Markal's fireball! It wasn't invincible, so why would a young body be afraid of it?! This was a high-level sea monster. It was definitely on the same level as Skilla, maybe even half a level higher. Once it was taken down, God knows what would be its reward! Divine weapon? It was a sure thing!

This Bartow had always been decisive. He was so conflicted that he actually wanted to stay even if he didn't want to leave, right? Afraid that the casualties would affect his reputation? F*ck, alright, I don't care about reputation. I'll take the blame!

Da Fei immediately started slandering him. "General, this is a rare opportunity. Once we give up, we won't be able to defeat it in the future!"

Barto's eyelids twitched. "How do we attack it? Its sharp horns are stronger than the Horned Whale's. Even the Flame Overlord is not confident that it can withstand its attack! And we are indeed helpless against it."

Alicia smiled. "Can the bow of the Flame Overlord withstand its attack?"

Bartow said in surprise, "The bow of the ship? The bow of the ship is the place to break through the ice and hit the corner. No sea monster would charge towards the bow of the ship!"

Alicia nodded and said in a low voice, "It may not be possible for other sea monsters, but Leviathan is arrogant by nature. He might really bump into the corner!"

Da Fei frowned. "You mean—transformation?"

Alicia laughed. "That's right. We should turn the Flame Overlord into a big octopus. Leviathan will definitely attack, and the target is a soft animal. It will charge at full speed without any scruples. By the time it discovers that it's an illusion, it'll be too late! By then, our Flame Overlord will suddenly increase its speed to block it, and we'll be able to kill it!"

Da Fei's body shook! Damn! Awesome!

Barto's eyes sparkled. "Will it work?"

"Let's bet!"

Barto laughed out loud. "Our Dwarf's favorite business sport is gambling! Good! Let's gamble!"

• • •

Now, under the flagship's instructions, the other ships retreated along the route they came from, trying to stay as far away from Leviathan as possible. If the operation failed and the flagship died, they might have a chance to escape. As for the rescue, they could forget about it.

The Flame Overlord slowly advanced towards the fog. Suddenly, the red light on Da Fei's screen exploded!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! You are about to enter the alert range of a powerful enemy!

Now is the time! I'll transform into a head!

— System Message: You have activated Godly Reconnaissance Skill "Phantom March"!

— System Message: Captain Barto activated Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill "Ambush"!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, cast the divine-level arcane spell "Giant Octopus Transformation" on your ship!

Da Fei's vision blurred again, and the scene suddenly expanded. The legendary "Cleggen" appeared out of nowhere!

This time, Kragen was different from before. The General's auxiliary skills and Alicia's skills had both advanced!

Right at this moment, the Fog Dao Flames soared into the sky. A huge roar resounded through the icy ocean. A black bolt of lightning rushed out of the Fog and headed straight for the giant octopus!

The Dwarf Warriors on the ship were so frightened that they covered their mouths and did not dare to make a sound. Looking at the vigorous figure speeding on the water surface, Da Fei and the others were even more stunned!

Damn it, it was a water float!

…