Chapter 230: Promotion Success, Failure!

Now, the giant ship sailed into the center of the pocket formation. Everything was ready.

Compared to Da Fei and Anlicia, Ba Tuo was the most nervous and excited. For him now, the sunken ship treasure was not important. Anyway, he could not escape, but the chance to advance his skills was a rare opportunity.

Looking at the sky that was getting darker by the day, Alicia said in a low voice, "We'll start at night. At night, it'll be beneficial for me to use my skills. At the same time, we've prepared three plans: One, if the transformation succeeds, we'll either scare away the shipwrecking octopus or lure it out to attack. Either way, we've achieved our goal. Two, if the transformation fails, then our Flame Overlord will turn on all the lights. Spielberg said that the giant octopus attracts light, and the small boats that turn on the lights at night often become the targets of the giant octopus' attack, so we might achieve our goal then. Three, if the transformation succeeds, but the shipwrecking octopus still doesn't come out, then we'll turn on the lights on the ship. I don't know if turning on the lights will affect the illusion, but we have to try no matter what!"

Da Fei and Bartow nodded repeatedly. Yup, this child is very talented in theory when he speaks. It's good to have theory. Without theory guidance, practice is blind.

As the red sun entered the sea, the entire Northern Ocean began to darken. Spielberg's whaling ship began to send out countdown commands. The Flame Overlord was also prepared to light up at any time.

Alicia waved her wand and said in a low voice, "Begin! Captain first, General after, I last!"

Da Fei, who was ready to attack, immediately activated his skill!

— System Message: You have activated Godly Reconnaissance Skill "Phantom March"!

— System Message: Captain Barto has activated Master Reconnaissance Skill "Ambush"!

Just at this moment, the blue light from the divine weapon in Alicia's hand suddenly erupted! In that instant, Da Fei's vision blurred again, and the image of the giant ship in front of him suddenly distorted and expanded!

Da Fei's heart was in his throat. He stared at the information panel!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, cast an unknown arcane spell on your ship!

— System Message: You have created a new unknown skill!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has learned the new combination spell "Giant Octopus Transformation"!

Success! The name has been chosen!

Ding dong! A crisp sound! A white light flashed on Da Fei and Bartow's bodies. A golden light flashed on Alicia's body!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully combined the new skill "Giant Octopus Transformation". You have learned the Grandmaster-level Nautical Skill!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has comprehended God-grade Arcana Magic!

— System Message: Captain Barto has learned Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill!

• • •

"I did it!" At that moment, Bartow let out an excited howl!

Da Fei was so excited that tears were streaming down his face. Once again, he hugged Alicia, who had no time to make any expression, and rubbed her hard! Only at this time could Da Fei take advantage of his wife without any qualms.

Advancement! Finally, I've successfully advanced! I've advanced three skills in one day! Why am I so awesome? That's because ordinary players can only wait for opportunities, and I can really create opportunities! Why can I create opportunities? That's because I'm constantly moving from one victory to another. I'm always at the forefront of the era. One step ahead, one step ahead! Haha! Wahahahaha…

"Let go!" Alicia pushed Da Fei's oily paw away and said angrily, "You're going to block the magic staff's channeling and charge it!"

Da Fei reluctantly let go. "Yes, yes! This is just the beginning."

At this moment, the Flame Overlord had turned into a giant octopus that was as large as a small island! It was as big as the legendary octopus sea monster, Kragen! Legend had it that Kragen would disguise himself as a small island filled with pearls in the ocean. When the ship approached, the huge claws under the water would suddenly explode and drag the ship into the water.

Now, how should the shipwrecked octopus deal with this "Cleggen" who was threatening the waters above the sunken ship? Everyone stared at the dark sea and waited!

Time passed, second by second. There was no movement on the surface of the water. Did it not see the boat when it was sleeping?

Alicia said in a low voice, "There's no other way. Plan 3, turn on the lights!"

Barto shouted, "Turn on the lights!"

The sailors who had been waiting for a long time immediately lit the oil lamps inside the reflective light barrier. In that instant, the entire "giant octopus" was dazzlingly bright, as if it was floating in an ice sculpture lighthouse in the middle of the ocean. Under the strange light and shadow effect, the entire seabed was gorgeous and bright!

"Wow! Is this the Octopus God?" Such a beautiful sight caused a stir among the sailors in the fleet!

And at this moment, the familiar red light on Da Fei's screen exploded!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! A powerful enemy lurking nearby is about to appear!

"It appeared!" A huge red dot rapidly approached on Da Fei's radar!

What the heck! Facing such a huge octopus, it did not run away and instead took the initiative to fight? Was it too smart to see through my trap, or was it too stupid and overestimated its capabilities?

Barto said excitedly, "Prepare for battle!"

It was coming! Under the illumination of the lights, the shipwrecked octopus shot up into the sky like a missile! It was unafraid of the God of the Octopuses that was much larger than it!

Ding Ling Ling! The bells on the fishing net rang the alarm. It had touched the net! It was going to hit the bottom of the boat!

Barto shouted, “Steady!”

— Boom! Eight waves rose into the sky. The Flame Overlord's huge body shook, and the illusion disappeared! Eight huge claws that were taller than the main mast broke out of the water and grabbed the Flame Overlord like a giant fist!

Even though they were prepared, the dwarf warriors on standby on the ship could not help but cry out in alarm! Although the size of this shipwrecked octopus was not as large as “Clayde”, it was still larger than an ordinary person’s imagination!

Da Fei was even more shocked! Was there a mistake? This head was much bigger than the one he caught!

Spielberg shouted, "Retract the net!"

Barto shouted, “Fire at me!”

At that moment, there were 40 cannons on the Flame Overlord's gun cabin. The four medium-sized battleships around each had 8 cannons on one side, and the whaling cannons on Spielberg's whaling ship were firing in unison!

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Under the attacks from all directions, the octopus's giant wrist burst out with blue blood like a fountain. The Flame Overlord seemed to be dyed in blue paint!

* Crunch! Crash! * A loud sound was heard, and the octopus suddenly burst forth with astonishing strength due to the pain, instantly breaking one of the Flame Overlord’s masts!

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! Are you serious! This is a huge ship!

Barto's face changed drastically, and he roared, "My ship! Cut it!!!!" For a moment, the battle-axe dwarves lying in ambush under the ship's side all showed their heads, waving their giant axes and slashing at the eight giant wrists holding the warship!

— Boom! Another loud sound was heard. Amidst the surging waves of blue blood, the Flame Overlord and the four medium-sized warships that were pulling the net shook violently, causing a loud crash on the sea!

"The net is broken!"

Everyone was shocked! It was at this moment that the giant octopus retracted its giant claws, causing a huge wave of water to surge as it fled back into the ship!

F*ck, they escaped! The entire fleet was in an uproar.

Da Fei was so shocked that he only came back to his senses after a while! This giant octopus was not on the same level as the previous one! Fortunately, the bait was the giant ship. If it was an ordinary ship, it would have been crushed on the spot. This salvage mission was too much of a scam, right? What should he do now? With the wretched octopus, it had suffered a loss once and seemed to be injured. It would definitely not fall for the trap again? It was guarding its nest so tightly that no one could do anything to it.

Da Fei could only turn around and cough dryly. "This, General, now—hm?"

Ba Tuo muttered to himself with a gloomy expression, "I haven't seen you for a year and you've become so much stronger…"

Dafei said in surprise, "General?"

Bartow was stunned for a moment before he regained his senses and laughed. "Ah, no, I failed again. But it’s alright, it’s injured. I think I saw it run away with one of its hands broken by the whaling pitchfork. En, the old trick of the octopus is to abandon its limbs and run away. Anyway, it’s seriously injured. We’ll definitely be able to take it down next year, hahaha!"

Da Fei also laughed and said, "Yes, yes, next year at this time, I will continue to ship the goods over and continue to help the General salvage!"

The general nodded and said seriously, "Lieutenant, you must bring more goods over next year! A few times more goods than now!"

Da Fei was stunned. A few times? That was exactly what he wanted! He nodded and smiled. "I know, I know! Definitely!"

The general waved his hand and said, "Pack up your stall and prepare to catch the whales! The adjutant will check your men and see if anyone is injured or dead…"

All of a sudden, the sailors and warriors on the ship sighed and started to get busy. Da Fei also sighed. What a pity, what a pity. I've been successful all along. I've killed everything in my way and killed monsters. In the end, I failed at the sunken ship! Sigh, what a pity for the treasure in the sunken ship—hm?

Da Fei's heart trembled! Shipwreck treasure? What could it be?

According to the rules of the game, wild monsters of different levels guarded different levels of resources. In the game, wild monsters and resources would be randomly farmed every 17 hours every week, so players could level up and fight for treasures. Normal rations were Level 1 and Level 2 soldiers guarding, normal wood, stone, and iron ores were Level 2 and 3 soldiers guarding, crystal, mercury, small treasure chests, and so on were Level 4 and 5 soldiers guarding. C-class treasures were the Level 5 and 6 soldiers guarding the Boss outside. As for treasures above Level B, only the dungeon Boss or quest Boss would drop them.

What level would the boss guarding the sunken ship that Da Fei had just received be? That was obvious! Even if it wasn't at the demigod level, it wouldn't be much worse than Skila's avatar! There was no need to ask about this sunken ship treasure. It was definitely a divine artifact! If it was a boss guarding a divine artifact, it wouldn't be scared away by an illusion even if it was beaten to death!

Da Fei was enlightened! So that's how it was! The mission had already given him a hint. What were these Dwarfs doing after failing year after year? Lacking money to get Treasure Chests? What a joke! Soldiers used the country's money to get what they needed! Godly weapons! They had to be Godly weapons! What the heck, this salvage mission was really low-key, luxurious, and meaningful.

In other words, when he asked me to bring more goods, he was implying that he wanted me to bring more ships!

F*ck! F*ck! Scamming Dwarfs, secretly scooping up divine weapons behind my back. You got the big head and sent me away, you're not honest!