Chapter 231: Brother Fei, The British Is Going To Deal With You!

The battle ended in an instant. The ballista didn't even have time to fire a second shot. Both sides had suffered considerable losses.

The fleet's adjutant reported battle damage: 34 Dwarfs suffered minor injuries, 2 were seriously injured, the flagship's main mast was broken, 13 pairs of paddles were broken, four medium-sized secondary ships' towing nets were broken, and two whaling nets were severely damaged.

The result of our battle was that the whaleboat’s harpoon hook had cut off half of the octopus’s arm, which was in a hurry to escape, and had caused a lot of bleeding damage to its vital parts.

Da Fei could not help but feel emotional. This was a high-end battle between NPCs. The winner was decided in just one exchange. If the current players fought with either side, they would definitely be killed instantly, right?

Da Fei could not help but be glad that he had always kept a clear mind. He had been hiding and scaring as much as he could along the way, so he did not start a battle rashly. If he really had to rely on his current strength, he would not be able to defeat any sea monster. As for Skila's avatar, it was all because of the unexpected variable Renoir. Otherwise, his journey would have stopped at that time, and he would not even be able to see Skila.

If it really stopped at that time, where would this ship of goods come from? Where would the divine weapons come from? Where would the comprehension of a god-grade grandmaster come from?

After realizing the huge gap between himself and the NPC's strength, Da Fei became more eager to end everything here and pull that ship back to develop and strengthen himself. As for the sunken ship divine equipment, he really shouldn't be dreaming at this stage. Luck once or twice didn't equate to strength. The bigger the appetite, the bigger the bowl. Otherwise, the outcome would be the richest dwarf in the Dwarf Race as the God of Gambling said. The higher one stood, the worse the fall.

While he was sighing, Spielberg came over with a small boat. He shook his head and sighed. "General, I'm really sorry. My net can't stop it at all."

Barto chuckled. "No, no. We underestimated you and caused you to lose two nets. We will definitely help you capture a few more whales to compensate for your losses."

Looking at the collapsed main mast of the Flame Overlord, Spielberg sighed and said, "General, your flagship has suffered a lot of damage. I'm afraid this is not a good trip."

Barto waved his hand indifferently and laughed. "We dwarves have always kept our word. If we stopped fighting because of a broken mast, wouldn't the Flame Overlord become a joke? How would we dare to go to the battlefield to fight big battles in the future?"

Da Fei laughed in his heart. When the mast was broken just now, whose face turned red like a pig's liver?

Wait! Suddenly, Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Two of his masts were broken, and he said he couldn't repair them. What if his own masts were broken? Should he let the domestic courier deliver the parts a year later?

Da Fei couldn't help but ask curiously, "General, do you have a way to repair the mast? The giant ship's speed was originally slower, so losing a mast would still have a huge impact." What the heck! What can a mast be repaired for! If it's broken, it can only be replaced. Can it be glued together?

Bartow frowned. "There's still a way, but it's very dangerous!" He then shook his head and said, "Don't worry, we'll use the oars first."

Very dangerous? Forget it, Da Fei immediately shut up and stopped asking! I really can't afford to play with high-end NPCs like you.

At this moment, the adjutant came to report, "General, the fleet is ready. We can set off now."

Barto smiled at Spielberg and said, "Sir, let's go! I'll take you to a good place that you'll never think of!"

Spielberg smiled and said, "Alright, then I'll return to my ship immediately."

• • •

Now, the fleet adjusted its course and headed north.

The north of the Hero Continent was undoubtedly the North Pole, but not only did players not know anything about the North Pole, even the official information did not have much introduction. They only knew that once they entered the Arctic Circle, there would be an extremely cold Debuff. The player troops would greatly reduce their speed, reduce their stamina, and when their stamina was empty, their HP would drop. It was so brutal that it would explode. After all, that was a forbidden zone for life. Not to mention living creatures, even ordinary Undead would freeze to death when they entered.

In short, players during the open beta testing would not even go to the mysterious East, let alone go to the North Pole to enjoy the breeze. However, since I'm here, I'll just treat it as a tour. Right, when the video starts, I'll post it on the forum to show my high-end, wahahaha.

At this moment, Alicia was sitting on the ground and meditating with her wand in her hand.

En, not bad. It seems like she is revising and consolidating the results of God-grade Arcana Techniques. She is the biggest achievement of my trip, wahahaha!

Da Fei did not disturb her. He silently opened the equipment bar and checked the sub-hero equipment. At this moment, the divine wand's mana was completely gone. This meant that the Transformation spell just now instantly consumed 2,600 mana points!

What the heck, 2,600 points of magic power! Under normal circumstances, a hero needed 260 points of knowledge! But how could such a hero exist? At the end of the day, this was also due to her lack of magic power. Magic power affected the power and effect of spells. For some status magic, once magic power was not enough to sustain it, it could still be maintained through additional magic power. The increase in magic power was usually more than double the amount of magic power released.

In other words, without this divine tool that stored a large amount of magic power, it would be impossible for the current Alicia to comprehend God-grade. She could not even release a spell, let alone comprehend it.

God-grade equipment was indeed a God-grade equipment. This was a reserve of magic power. He had really picked up a treasure. Wahahaha!

Wait! Since Alesia could advance through this magic weapon, could Serbia also rely on it to advance?

Haha! So that's how it is! Looks like I have to find an opportunity to kill on the sea to recharge my staff. Oh right, does this whaling count? F*ck, I have to count it! If I can't even count octopuses that have no bones, then there's no need to mention whales that have guts!

In other words, it was necessary for Da Fei to catch the whale this time! Otherwise, it would not be strange if he had to rely on himself to kill the sea monsters! Wahahaha! Thinking of this, Da Fei's depression from failing to catch the sea monster disappeared.

While the fleet was sailing, Da Fei took the time to take off his helmet and eat, drink, and poop to make some adjustments. When Da Fei boarded the plane again, the guild channel was in an uproar again.

"Brother Fei, Brother Fei! Something big has happened!"

Sigh, isn't it just sinking a few small boats? What's there to shout about! Oh right, what is Raging Sea of Blood thinking? He doesn't even care, why should I care? Ignore him.

"Brother Fei, are you there? Brother Fei, the British are targeting you!"

Da Fei frowned. British? Since when did he provoke an international friend?

Da Fei could no longer remain calm. He replied in the guild channel, "British? Is there a player with this name?"

Everyone laughed. "Brother Fei is indeed Brother Fei. How humorous!"

"Brother Fei, there was a shocking piece of news just now. The Royal Ark Team in the British Area opened up a super huge ship. They said that some Chinese players shouldn't be too proud. They are obviously targeting you, Brother Fei!"

"This warship is too abnormal. I heard it needs a Level 7 soldier angel as a sailor! It's so powerful!"

"I always thought Brother Fei was the best in the world. I didn't expect someone to be better than Brother Fei."

"What a joke! The British must be cheating! Who doesn't know that they are good friends with the Americans!"

Da Fei had already thought of himself as the number one expert in the China server. He had also thought of himself as the number one expert in the world. However, he suddenly realized that someone was more awesome than him. He could not accept such a difference in mentality! What a joke, this was definitely a joke!

Da Fei anxiously said, "How is that possible! How can the players now have a huge ship!"

"Brother Fei, you already have a big ship. It's not strange for a country to have a huge ship."

What the f*ck! You guys must be deliberately provoking me, right? Raging Sea of Blood sent you guys to test if my ship is still here, right? I don't believe anyone can be more powerful than me!

Da Fei hurriedly logged into the game's internal forum. There was no need to look for it. There was a bold red caption, "Video: The British Area's super warship, Noah's Ark, appeared. It forcefully refreshed the Chinese Area's player Da Fei's warship record"!

What the f*ck! Why did he have to drag me into this?!

Da Fei clicked on the post in exasperation and opened the video. He saw a huge ship shaped like an aircraft carrier parked in the harbor of a human main city. Countless small boats surrounded it and prevented any players from getting close to it. There were no buildings on the deck, no masts, and no sails. There was only a tree! That's right, a tree! What the heck! Is there a mistake? Is there such a funny ship?

A caption appeared:

— "Noah's Ark, a huge battleship built by the divine tree, Goffal Wood. It is a godly existence that mortals cannot build with their technology, and mortal sailors cannot control it. It must be controlled by angels. The Royal Ark Team's purpose is to use the Ark to maintain the fairness, fairness, and peace of the game world!"

Da Fei's eyes almost popped out! Fair my foot! Even a giant warship could not transport large-sized combat units like the Emerald Dragon, Angels, and Titans. And this Ark actually wanted to use Angels as sailors! This was definitely an aircraft carrier! Not to mention, how many gun cabins could such a huge ship open!

Oh yeah, what was this tree for? The Tree of God? The magic power drive of the Tree of God? No sails? Damn, this was nuclear power! It was too advanced and high-end!

The video was only a short one minute. Da Fei was shocked by this one minute. Even Da Fei was shocked. The players who followed the thread were even more shocked!

Oh right, what did the British guy say about targeting me? No? Didn't you see that? F*ck! There's no need to look! My existence is "unfair, unfair, and unfair". He's obviously targeting me!

In the face of the clamor in the guild channel, Da Fei impatiently said, "Calm down! We haven't even entered the country's warzone yet. Why are you all panicking? If you follow me and start your warships, I'll surround you until you die!"

Everyone said, "Yes, yes, follow Brother Fei. Everyone drives a big ship."

Tsk? You don't believe me, right? Do you believe that I'll drive Octopus back and blind your dog eyes? Da Fei's mood became even worse. "Don't make a fuss. Do what you need to do. Drink Earth Trench oil and worry about the Imperial Capital."

"Yes, yes, Brother Fei is right…"

Da Fei let out a long sigh. It turned out that he was not the most awesome one! Although he had no intention of competing for the most awesome one, it was really uncomfortable to be kicked down from the throne!