Chapter 232: Do You Know About The Dragon Tomb?

Just as Da Fei was feeling unhappy, he received a message. It was Dragon Scale, Guild Leader Ma Ying Dragon Horse.

Ma Yinglong went straight to the point. "Brother Fei, the British just posted a video of a huge ship. Have you seen it?"

As expected, the most worried and sensitive people should be big shots like you. Da Fei sighed and smiled bitterly. "I saw it. The guild channel exploded."

Ma Yinglong laughed and said, "Brother Fei, don't use the guild to agitate me. I can't withstand any stimulation anymore."

Da Fei chuckled. "How could that be? President Ma is too good at joking."

Ma Yinglong said with a serious expression, "I'm not joking. The British have completely messed up our development route. Especially since the United Kingdom and the United States are staunch allies and have always liked to deal with China. Brother Fei, needless to say, is the number one target. And us slaying dragons is the Dark Alliance. We are their main target. Our guild's future is bleak!"

What the heck! Are you putting your hopes on me? How can I not be worried? Da Fei sighed and said, "There are many people in the China server. Everyone will drown it."

Ma Yinglong laughed and said, "That's right, leave it to us. However, we can only count on Brother Fei for high-end stuff!"

How straightforward! Are you counting on me? The high-end players are giving money to their teams because the whole country is giving them money. Do you have the guts to help me settle the debt of 100 million gold coins?

Da Fei smiled bitterly and said, "I'm not confident at all. Let's wait until we enter the country's war zone in the future. Maybe Chairman Ma's guild will have a huge warship by then."

Ma Yinglong said with a bitter smile, "I don't ask for a giant ship. I only wish for something that can sink that giant ship. Anyway, Brother Fei, hold on!"

What the f*ck, he already had something that could sink a huge ship. How could his big ship survive? He couldn't have something like that!

Just as he ended his conversation with Ma Yinglong, Da Fei's message rang again. Da Fei had already guessed who it was. He took a look and saw that it was indeed the Goddess! Did you represent Xingchen to comfort me? I can tell you clearly, it hurts! If you don't believe me, feel it.

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "Mr. Da Fei, a huge ship has appeared in England. There are also British players who claim that they are here specifically to deal with you. You're too awesome."

Isn't that obvious? Da Fei laughed and said, "How is it impressive? I'm thinking about what I'll do if I encounter this giant ship."

Bu Feiyan said in a low voice, "It was Mr. Da Fei who forced the United Kingdom to change its original development route. They have to pay a price for this. Hence, before the battle started, Mr. Da Fei already won one round. At the very least, he represented our China region and won one round. In short, the opponent's ark is not in its full state now. It needs to be dragged along by a small boat. Currently, it's not a threat."

Dafei said in surprise, "Then what would the full form look like?"

Bu Feiyan said in a low voice, "Don't you feel that the ship is different from ordinary ships?"

Da Fei coughed and said, "There are no sails or masts."

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "That's right. Once they're equipped with masts and sails, they'll be like tigers with wings. It's not impossible for them to fly. In short, according to our technical team's analysis, this giant ship must have been obtained through a super mission. They need to progressively improve the giant ship through the progress of the mission. Our goal is to find ways to interfere with their missions and make this giant ship a burden for them. Currently, England has quite a number of competitors in the European Union area. They're also our natural allies. We'll think of ways to strengthen our connection with them…"

The goddess spoke with confidence, and Da Fei's body trembled! So this ship actually had masts and sails? It could fly! F*ck! It had already entered the era of sky battleships? F*ck, how could ordinary players like him play like this!

Bu Feiyan finally said: "Alright. This is our emergency plan with the Ninth Heaven, we will discuss the details later. I will inform you about the general direction of our plan."

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. "Report it to me?" What the heck, did he enjoy the treatment of a Bureau Chief?

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "Of course. You're the president of the number one guild in the world, the first super player to kill a Demigod. You're an important figure in our China server. Of course, we should let you know our plan!"

Wahahaha! An influential figure! This is indeed the treatment of a general! This feeling of being flattered by the goddess in front of my face is really freaking awesome! I'm not fighting alone, haha!

Da Fei suddenly thought of something and asked, "Oh right, since this giant ship was obtained from a super mission, can our China server develop this mission?"

Bu Feiyan smiled and sighed. "Of course not. A super mission above the Epic stage is both fair and unique. Before the British develop this mission, there is a chance to trigger it in any district in the world. However, once the British obtain it first, the other districts won't have a chance."

Dafei said, "I see."

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "Alright, Mr. Da Fei, take your time. Don't interfere with your development strategy because of external factors."

Dafei laughed and said, "Thank you. Oh right, just call me Dafei from now on. Sir, don't pinch me."

Bu Feiyan smiled and said, "I see. Then I might as well be called Brother Fei like them. Brother Fei? No objections, right?"

Dafei was elated. "No objections, no objections. It's very friendly!"

"Haha, I won't disturb you then. Goodbye."

"Hehe, goodbye!"

After ending his conversation with the goddess, Da Fei's heart felt warm. The feeling of talking to the goddess was really great!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! Speaking of which, I'm not young anymore. I have tens of millions of yuan in the game now. I don't like ordinary fans. Is it possible for me to be with a goddess?

What the f*ck! Ten million was nothing! Even hemorrhoid cream was worth hundreds of millions!

When he thought about his personal problem, Da Fei could not help but sigh and feel down and out. What did he mean by not being able to buy love even if he had money? It seemed like he had also reached this level? This life.

Wait. What would happen if I stood higher and walked farther?

That's right! It's impossible to work in other industries, but at least in the game, I still have endless potential in the future. Hundreds of millions is not a dream! Da Fei was slightly excited.

Just as he was reveling in his excitement, another message came.

Da Fei took a look. Unrivaled Soldier. What the f*ck, you're causing trouble! Do you think you're the Guild Leader, a beauty who can call the wind and summon the rain, and also has the ability to comfort and worry about me? You want to scold me, f*ck off, and make me look like a snob? Alright, I'm inherently snobbish. I really can't change this habit of mine.

Dafei said impatiently, "It's fine, it's fine. Just do whatever you need to do. Don't wait for me to come back. Your lousy Reputation Points won't even be able to board the ship."

The Invincible Armament Soldier quickly said, "It's good that Brother Fei is fine. We've been farming Reputation for the past few days and nights. In the end, we received a huge mission. Let's report to Brother Fei."

Dafei said in surprise, "Big mission?"

The invincible soldier quickly said, "Brother Fei, look at the screenshot!"

— Serial Trial Mission "Trial of the Brave": Brave warrior, your contributions in the City of Erolyn are obvious. Your reputation in the City of Erolyn is increasing by the day. We believe that you have the potential to become one of the Kingdom's top ten youths, so we have decided to conduct a long-term training trial for you. We hope that you can overcome one obstacle after another to become the Kingdom's best youth. We hope that the grace of the Goddess of Nature will always be by your side…

Da Fei exclaimed, "What the heck, a chain mission! You can even accept such a mission!"

The so-called chain missions were one chain after another. From simple to difficult, one would receive a reward every time one completed one chain mission. If one completed the final mission, the reward would be beyond imagination.

Previously, it was said that ordinary players' ordinary heroes would level up their specialties through their individual efforts. To become a Godly Hero, this chain mission was one of the ways! Of course, the difficulty of the chain mission would definitely be beyond imagination, but it was still much stronger than those players who had nowhere to go.

The soldier quickly said, "That's right. Report this to Brother Fei. This way, we can help Brother Fei in the future."

Not bad, not bad! I feel very comforted! Da Fei said in satisfaction, "Very good, work hard!"

The soldier chuckled. "Okay, Brother Fei, take your time."

Da Fei ended his conversation with the soldiers. He was very touched! It was one thing for the British to build a huge ship, but even these two people who were casually recruited without even looking at them received a chain mission. They even had the chance to jump through the dragon's gate. What did this mean? It meant that there were endless opportunities in the Hero Continent!

An inexplicable sense of urgency welled up in Da Fei's heart. Although Da Fei's initial goal in entering the game was to earn money, and after earning two million, he was already complacent and thought that he could play casually in the future and not have to worry about food and drink for the rest of his life, perhaps that was indeed the case.

However, humans were like this. Once they were pushed to a higher level and obtained their status, they would not be willing to be replaced by others. That's right, at this level, money was no longer the most important thing to pursue. If he was no longer the number one expert, would the Goddess care about him, the "infamous scum"? Da Fei started to feel pressured for the position of the number one expert.

He had to take advantage of his current advantage and go higher!

Da Fei frowned and looked at the icy ocean under the night sky. At this moment, Da Fei suddenly realized that Bartow was also frowning and looking sad. What the heck! It's just catching a whale, it's not that bad. It must be because of the mast of the ship.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. He said that the way to deal with the masts is very dangerous? But I'm not dangerous! I don't have a ship in the entire fleet. Even if the fleet is completely destroyed, it would be better for me to be safe than sorry. What's there to be afraid of! At most, I'll die on Fire Dragon Island and leave with my ship! I'm totally not in danger!

According to the character of the game, another plot mission would definitely pop up. A mast that was worthy of being given a mission by the game was definitely not an ordinary ship material that could be bought by a shipyard, right? That's right, I have to work harder to fight against the British warships!

Da Fei quickly asked, "General, I'm very concerned about the method you mentioned to solve the mast. Do you need my help?"

Sure enough, Barto’s brows jumped. “Are you sure you want to help?”

Da Fei nodded. "Since General has helped me so much, I have to express my gratitude."

Barto perked up and shook his beard. "Do you know about the dragon tomb?"

Da Fei said in surprise, "Dragon Tomb?"

Barto said seriously, "Before an old dragon dies, it will use its last strength to fly to a dangerous place where mortals cannot reach and sleep!"