Chapter 237: Breaking News

Junwen

— "Hello, everyone. It's time to meet up with everyone again in Hero News. Let's focus our attention on the situation in the European Union area. In the previous episode, we were fortunate enough to invite the president of the Guild of Ninth Heaven, God Emperor, to analyze the situation of the British Royal Ark team's Noah's Ark for us. Ten minutes ago, at 7 am in London time, there was another commotion in the European Union area. The world ranked first Swedish Godly Hero appeared in public for the first time and publicly announced that he wanted to permanently occupy the Warren Strait, which is roughly equivalent to the Virgil Strait in our China area. Today, we have connected this episode to" Dragon Slayer "Chang Liang to answer our audience's questions. Hello, Mr. Chang Liang!"

Chang Liang: "Host, hello! Dear viewers, nice to meet you all again."

Host: "Regarding this, I believe the friends who are paying attention to eSports aren't unfamiliar with it. He is known as the evergreen in the eSports field. As the player who defeated him in battle, what does Mr. Chang Liang think of you?"

Chang Liang shook his head and smiled. "That was during the 16th Tokyo Toyota Tournament. It wasn't a very formal competition. I was very tired after participating in the CPL preliminaries. The time difference for the VIP was not reversed. Both parties were not in the right state. In short, it was a very tough battle. Fortunately, I won in the end. If you want to talk about my evaluation of him, I can only say that it was very depressing, very depressing, and very lacking in passion. It's probably because he's old."

The host smiled and said, "It's probably because of his depressing atmosphere that he's very suitable for playing Undead?"

Chang Liang smiled and said, "Ah, that's right. The Undead have such a dull feeling after playing for a long time. I really want to see a place where flowers bloom in spring!"

Host: "So the Undead players especially like to have fun with the human elves?"

Chang Liang smiled and said, "Even the host could guess that. The host is really too awesome."

The host smiled and said, "Now that the Big V has publicly displayed his hidden skill, Death God, on the battlefield, as far as I know, this skill is not in the textbooks. Mr. Chang Liang, can you analyze it for the audience?"

Chang Liang: "This Heavenly Death God is very similar to the Phoenix Summoning Technique of the Grandmaster level. The summoned creatures are all level-eight soldiers, and their strength is related to the player's level and magic power. However, the Heavenly Death God has the ability to instantly kill a medium-sized warship with mutual destruction. Such high-end damage is definitely not something that the Phoenix at the current stage can compare to. According to my analysis, this should be a sub-skill formed by his main occupation, Necromagic and Arcane Spells. In order to combine sub-skill, his main skill must be at least at the Master level. It can be inferred that his Necromagic and Arcane Spells have at least reached the Grandmaster level."

Host: "That's right. This is at least a combination skill of a grandmaster necromancer and a grandmaster arcane spell. How should ordinary players deal with such a powerful skill?"

Chang Liang smiled and sighed. "Arcane Grandmasters are known to be difficult to defeat. The essence of Arcane Spells is at the Grandmaster level. Once you reach the Grandmaster level, you can conquer the world without relying on summoning. Let alone ordinary players, even pro players find it difficult to deal with. I think he's sending a clear message to the outside world."

The host smiled and said, "To the Royal Ark Team?"

Chang Liang smiled and said, "I think so. After all, England didn't ask for the opinion of Europe's number one person when they wanted to be the Alliance Leader. If I were him, he would be unhappy too."

The host smiled and said, "There are many battlefields between the undead and the human race. He chose to show off in the Warren Strait alone. What's the meaning of this?"

Chang Liang smiled and said, "We can't fight asymmetrical wars. Since the British warship is invincible on the sea, he will attack the EU's Guild of Light's economic route from the rear and suppress the Guild of Light financially. He will indirectly attack the British battle team, making it harder for them to raise a huge warship. The effect might not be obvious at the start, but once the Dark Alliance really occupies the Varen route permanently, it will likely trigger an economic chain reaction of the Guild of Light and even endanger the safety of Varen City. The impact will be far-reaching."

Host: "More importantly, the British warship can't enter the Warren Strait and can't do anything to him."

Chang Liang: "That's right. It means that he alone can control the entire British team and even implicate the other teams of the European Guild of Light. It's a huge deal without any cost."

Host: "But the United Kingdom will not sit back and do nothing. They will definitely send people to fight it in the Warren Strait."

Chang Liang smiled and said, "This is where the VIP is experienced. It is already difficult enough for the British to raise a giant ship. If they send people to fight with him, it would be even more troublesome."

Host: "That means that the VIP has accurately grasped the shortcomings of England."

Chang Liang: "Only a super expert like the Big V has the ability to handle this kind of shortcoming. But the civil war in the European Union isn't in Sweden's interest. I believe that in the end, England will return to the round table that they are so proud of and invite everyone over to have a talk."

The host smiled and said, "Just like the European Union's rotating president?"

Chang Liang smiled and said, "This is a terrible idea. I believe Prince George has had enough of this stupid rotating system for a long time."

The host smiled and said, "Alright, there's still one more question that the Chinese players are most concerned about. This is the previously acknowledged Evergreen Tree, the world's top expert. And recently, our China server has produced Da Fei, who is currently in the limelight after slaughtering a Demigod. He has also been unresigned to be the world's top expert by many Chinese players. So, which of these two is better?"

Chang Liang laughed and sighed, "Why isn't my name mentioned? I'm also very unwilling to answer such a question from the host!"

The host smiled and said, "It's said that the professional players who care about their rankings have poor mental fortitude! We all think that Mr. Chang Liang isn't that type!"

Chang Liang laughed. "Comparing veteran professional players to amateur players is not a very reliable thing. Speaking of Da Fei, his personality is flamboyant, his actions are high-profile, and his whereabouts are quite secretive. Until now, no one has encountered him outside of the city. This is a little similar. He's probably not playing the same game as us. It's not without reason that they were conferred the title of top player. I've seen two of Da Fei's battle videos. They were all one-on-one battles with others in the arena. Furthermore, he did not make any moves. He has the air of a top player. I can't tell his skills, but the sub-hero is very powerful. However, I still think he will win."

The host said in surprise, "Reason?"

Chang Liang sighed and said, "We always thought that since the Big V had the Death Lord's God-level special ability, he would definitely go out into the wild to recruit Undead Wild Soldiers. His low level in the early stages was also to recruit a large number of sub-heroes to increase his Command Power so that he could bring more troops. From the looks of it now, we guessed wrongly. Not only did he not recruit a sub-hero, he did not go out into the wild to recruit Undead Wild Soldiers. Perhaps at his level, he would not even be interested."

Host: "Exactly. Like most people, it's to reach Level 50 to New World without any burden?"

Chang Liang sighed and said, "If it were an ordinary person, that would probably be the case. For the Big V, it's even harder to predict. In short, Da Fei currently has at least three sub-heroes. The speed of leveling up is three times slower, and he will be completely suppressed by the Big V's level. Just one move from the Death Deity will be enough to defeat him. From the situation of the Death Deity smashing the ship today, I'm afraid Da Fei's proud ship won't be able to escape this calamity."

Host: "I heard that Da Fei's large ship was destroyed during the Kingdom War?"

Chang Liang: "Regardless of whether it's damaged or not, for players who have already killed Demigods, it's not a problem to have a large ship again."

The host smiled and said, "No matter what, this player Da Fei is very controversial in the China server. We sincerely hope that he can play a positive role, and we also look forward to his future battle with the VIP."

Chang Liang: "Yes, I'm looking forward to it."

Host: "Alright, thank you, Mr. Chang Liang, for coming to our live-stream room. I wish you the best in the Orc field."

"Thank you, host. Thank you to the audience and friends. I look forward to seeing you again next time!"

• • •

After the news ended, Xiao Li was in the horse carriage, transporting goods while watching videos on the internal forums to pass the time. Xiao Li could not help but let out a long sigh.

Xiaofang chuckled and said, "This handsome guy named Chang Liang is the top undead expert in the China server. He recently switched careers to playing Orcs. His annual salary is about 10 million yuan. This is the income of a top professional player, which is equivalent to a state-owned executive. However, people like him are still getting their paychecks. They can't be compared to us individual businessmen. Of course, it's not worth our time to befriend them."

Xiao Li said in surprise, "Didn't you say you wanted to make friends with experts? Why didn't you make friends with the number one expert?"

Xiaofang laughed and said, "You have something urgent to ask him for help. He just said, 'What are you going to do when you're training and competing?' Anyway, professional players have no choice. Our main goal is to make friends with amateurs. For example, people like Da Fei are amateurs and experts."

Xiao Li sighed and said, "I think it's really tiring to play like this. Isn't it good for us to pull the goods like this? Why do we have to deal with those shady people?"

Xiaofang gave a disdainful smile. "Can you earn ten million a year by pulling goods? There are only three ways for women, especially beautiful women, to survive well. First, marry a rich husband. Second, play with the unspoken rules. Third, be a mistress. Don't be fooled by those famous celebrities and famous actresses. To put it bluntly, they are all b * tches! Even if a female employee of an ordinary company wants to be promoted, she will have to pass the hurdle. At the very least, she has to drink. Wifey, you are so beautiful. I can imagine how many men will want to reach out to you once you leave society!"

Xiao Li's expression darkened.

Xiaofang chuckled and said, "But it's different here. This is a game! This is the virtual world. Here, we can act as another self. We can start socializing without any qualms to realize our dreams of earning money. Isn't it much better than the unspoken rules of drinking in real life? In short, we have to be open in the game. Losing your cold and noble habit is at least a form of training."

Xiao Li nodded thoughtfully.

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "It's good as long as your wife understands!"

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']