Chapter 236: The World'S Top Ghost King Emerges

The appearance of the British Noah's Ark had shocked the world and the European Union. The British Royal Ark team's slogan to unify the European Union had also aroused the dissatisfaction of old e-sports powers such as Germany, France and Sweden.

In the world of eSports, there were a few veteran powerhouses: Korea, Germany, America, China, Canada, Sweden, Germany, France, Russia. These eight countries were known as the top eight eSports players.

Esports was a national sport in Korea. The masses had a strong foundation and their professionalism was very high. Their overall standard was a little higher than other countries, and they were frequent champions of various esports competitions. The style of the Korean team was precisely, precisely, as precise as a computer! When you fought against a Korean player, you would imagine that the opponent sitting opposite you was actually a player, not a computer!

On the other hand, Chinese eSports did not have a strong popular base. Although there were a lot of teenagers from studios and internet cafes, just like how it was very difficult for China to become the champion of cycling as a country, Chinese eSports did not have a high level of professionalization. Their performance in international competitions was also unstable, and they relied too much on genius players. And genius players had their own characteristics, so it was very difficult for China to have its own style. This was a disadvantage, and also an advantage that other strong teams could not figure out.

The style of the German team was just like that of football. They were very steady and had a strong tactical sense. Perhaps there were no dazzling geniuses in the team, but the absence of any team member would be replaced without affecting the overall situation.

Team Merika's style was bold and unrestrained! It was dreamlike and unrestrained like Noble! The advantage of being bold and unrestrained was that once you got the hang of it, it would be like a heavenly steed soaring through the skies, making people unable to keep up with what you were doing. Sometimes, they didn't even know what they were doing. The downside of being bold and unrestrained was that if they encountered a humanoid computer like Team Korea that didn't move for external reasons, they would be beaten into a pulp.

Russia's style was fierce, and their manly playstyle left a deep impression on all the strong teams. Therefore, in Hero Genesis, they chose to focus on the Dwarf Race. Although Orcs might be more suitable for Russia, Orcs' strategic shortcomings meant that no team would focus on attacking.

The French style is versatile. The French team's brilliant tactical coordination is breathtaking. The French may not be the best at their games, but they are undoubtedly the best at viewing. This is very different from their pragmatic style of football. The French are still unable to give up their romantic feelings, especially in a classical game like this.

As for Sweden, similar to China, they were also very dependent on geniuses. The difference was that the geniuses of Sweden displayed extremely strong mental fortitude and stability. They were completely a super expert holding up the sky of Sweden. Not only that, the super experts of Sweden had served for an extremely long period of time. The situation was greatly different from the geniuses of China who had only appeared briefly in one or two tournaments.

What was the reason for this? For example, in table tennis, the Chinese team had more people, and the genius Ji Ji was the new generation surpassing the old. Old team members could easily be replaced by rookies with even more drive, while rookies couldn't perform well because they were too young. This also caused the Chinese team's performance to be unstable. When the rookie's mentality stabilized, he became an old team member and was replaced by a rookie.

There weren't many talents in Sweden, and it was unlikely that the older members would be replaced by the younger ones. Thus, a genius player constantly participated in the competition and served continuously. His skills became more advanced. His experience became richer, and his strength also became more terrifying. For example, Waldner of the table tennis world was already more than 40 years old, yet he still participated in the competition. He had already suppressed Chinese table tennis men for many generations. Other than a genius like Kong Linghui, no one else could beat him.

The standard of eSports in the world was roughly the same. Of course, there was also Japan. Japan could be said to be quite skilled in producing combat games in their own country, but there were no games from Japan in the international tournaments. Then there was Brazil, Singapore, Taiwan, and other regions. The level of eSports was also quite high.

As for the United Kingdom, they would occasionally get a runner-up or third place, belonging to a second-tier team. However, this second-tier team, the United Kingdom, actually declared that they would become the leader of the European Union. This made the traditional European strong teams extremely dissatisfied.

Indeed, Hero Genesis was not a traditional CS. Fifa was a fair game. With the strength of the real world, the game would naturally be stronger. This was also the source of England's confidence. Similarly, Germany and France, whose national strength was not inferior to England, were also very confident. This meant that the EU would not be peaceful in the future. There were even some good players on the European Union's forum posting "World War III will ignite the flames of war in the EU!"

The eyes of the world began to focus on the EU region, on the mysterious super battleship of Britain, and on the reaction of the German tanks and the French Victors.

At this time, in a basement in Stockholm, Sweden, Alferred, 34, got up lazily as usual. He fried steak in a frying pan and heated milk in a microwave while he slowly washed his face, brushed his teeth, and went to the bathroom.

His movements appeared to be very slow, but he really did not make any unnecessary movements. He seemed to have a lot of things to do, but he was indeed handling them with the most efficient and reasonable efficiency. In just three minutes, he slowly sat in front of the computer wall with his steak and milk in hand and put on his helmet.

His personal information was always flashing non-stop. This was something that could not be helped because he was the owner of the most valued Godly Hero in the world, the Death Lord. He was known as Big V and was an external member of the Swedish and Northern European Crown battle team. He was an external member because he wanted to retire and the battle team did not allow him to. Hence, he created an external member. He did not need to train him normally. Of course, he could choose not to come when there was a war. However, when it came to world peace, he had to step out.

If anyone were to ask, who was the living fossil of the eSports scene? Without a doubt, he was the big V of Sweden! He had been representing the national team since he was 14 years old. He had experienced all the participating games in the international competitions. He had entered the era of smart computers from the era of keyboard and mouse to the era of holographic imaging. No matter which era he was in, he was the leader of the eSports industry! He was the spokesperson for the various countries' game advertisements!

At a certain year's G champion award ceremony, a reporter asked, "You must have loved every game deeply to have achieved so much in the game, right?"

The 26-year-old replied, "No! Ever since I became a professional player, I've been disgusted by games more than anyone else!" That year, he lost 80% of his endorsement deals.

After that, he was 34 years old. The game had long become an inseparable habit in his life. Was he still disgusted by the game? No, his realm had already surpassed the level of liking or hating such superficial things. What he had to do every day was to stare blankly at the game character.

What was he doing? He himself did not know. But others did know that he was the strongest in the European Union! The strongest in the world! He was the Ghost King! He was called the Ghost King by Chinese players!

The first message today was the English loli Margaret. She was a 10-year-old blonde fan he had met when he was 24 years old. Now, she had become a golden-haired milk cow. This made Big V feel sad. Lolita was not as cute as before when she grew up.

Margaret said, "Hello, Uncle Big V, the world needs your help!"

Of course Big V knew what had happened. He smiled lazily. "Give me a reason to save the world? No matter how unreasonable the reason is, it's good!"

Margaret said, "Because our prince has gone mad. He wants to rule the world. This will bring disaster to our world!"

Big V nodded. "That's a very unreasonable reason!"

There was no need to read the rest of the message. One reason was enough to save the world. Saving the world was also saving himself. He really needed to find joy.

• • •

In the European Union area, the port city of the Human Holy Falcon Empire, Warren, guarded the fortress city of the Warren Strait.

The players all over the city were busy with their own national flags. This phenomenon was a feature of the European Union.

It was the Dead Spirit Empire's port, Kedso, that was facing off against Varen.

The status of these two fortresses was extremely important. Once one side lost, it meant that the other side would be able to open up the bridgehead of the invasion. Therefore, a thousand-year battle between humans and the undead was staged here. However, it was almost impossible to not attack the other side's city, but to seize the access rights to the Warren Strait. Whoever won the current round would be able to gather the merchant fleet and safely pass through the Warren Strait. The losing side would have to accumulate strength to fight back next time.

In short, this was the place where players followed the NPC fleet to earn battle merits.

Today, the NPC navy of the Human and Undead Empires were still fighting with medium-sized battleships in the narrow Warren Strait. Of course, in this narrow strait, only medium-sized battleships were fighting.

The players were already used to the NPCs putting on a show when the time came. It was impossible to expect the NPCs to open up the situation. Only when one side had the absolute advantage would the enemy fleet retreat and admit defeat.

At this moment, a beam of black light shot up into the sky from an undead warship. An undead dragon that was as big as a ship and covered in black smoke descended from the sky!

The sudden turn of events caused an uproar on the battlefield!

The black Undead Dragon crashed into a medium-sized warship of the Guild of Light like a black meteorite!

— Boom! Amidst the cries of the players, the battleship exploded. Black smoke flew everywhere, and bone fragments and pieces of wood flew everywhere!

All the players were dumbstruck. The NPC battleship, which seemed like it would be fine forever, had been destroyed in seconds! What did this mean? Did this mean that the NPCs’showtime was coming to an end?

It was at this moment that the regional comms exclaimed, “! It’s the legendary battle! It’s out!”

"! What kind of soldier is that? He's too strong! Can you tell us?"

— Area Channel < >: Sorry to disturb everyone. That was my skill "Death Deity". I can summon a temporary level-eight soldier every day. Its strength is related to my level and magic power, so my current strength is very weak. However, I want to announce a piece of news to everyone. From today onwards, the Guild of Light will not win a single battle here. The Warren Strait will forever belong to the Dark Alliance!

“How noble!” The players of the Dark Alliance cheered.

The players from the Guild of Light were stunned! Summoning a level-eight soldier might not be a big deal, but this was the start of the war! The European Union would be in chaos because of him!