Chapter 234: Capturing The Single-Horned Whale King

For the whaling industry, the hardest thing to catch were two types of whales. One was the blue whale, known as the largest marine creature. The blue whale that surfaced in the game was completely an island. For example, the giant whale that the Merfolk Saint rode that day. The blue whale's enormous size was enough to crush all ships.

The other type was the single-horned whale. It might be the smallest whale, about the size of an adult shark, but it was indeed the fastest, fiercest, and most agile whale. Its expensive single-horned whale was the dream of all the whale catchers, but large-scale whale catchers could not catch up to it, medium-sized whale catchers could not beat it, and they only appeared in the harsh North Pole. Successfully capturing a single-horned whale required both perseverance and luck.

Now, facing all kinds of whales from the whale farm, especially the one-horned whale that he had been yearning for day and night, Spielberg was excited and trembling!

When faced with a group of creatures like the Single-Horned Whale, there would be two consequences once the battle started. Firstly, the whale swarm would disperse after a single attack. Thus, it was already quite good to be able to capture one of them at once. Without a doubt, the target would be the King of the Single-Horned Whale. Secondly, the whale swarm would attack together! This was quite dangerous!

Among all whales, blue whales and single-horned whales dealt the most damage to ships. Needless to say about blue whales, the single-horned whale’s horn was equivalent to a submarine with a ram’s horn installed. If they captured the Whale King, it was highly likely that they would be attacked in groups, and all of them would need a fleet to protect them.

Of course, the most important and most difficult prerequisite for a whale was to get close to it and run away before it could even get close. The king of the single-horned whales, in particular, was much more vigilant than ordinary single-horned whales.

Now, Da Fei, Katerina, and Alicia boarded Spielberg's whaling ship. They were ready to use their Godly Skills. Although Da Fei could hold two jobs, it was better for them to work together at this critical moment. If they could not even get close to the Godly Skills, no one in the world would be able to capture the Whale King.

Katerina and Anlicia were aboard Spielberg for the first time.

As soon as they got on the boat, Alicia's nose wrinkled. "What a heavy smell of blood!"

Da Fei was stunned. Really? Besides feeling a little depressed, I think it's okay?

Spielberg was also stunned. "This… I haven't caught a whale in a long time. Could it be the smell of that octopus?"

Katerina also wrinkled her nose and smiled knowingly. "It's not the smell of blood. It's murderous!"

“Killing intent?” The three people present were stunned.

Da Fei was stunned! Are you kidding me? There's no such thing as killing intent in the game!

Spielberg said in surprise, "Miss, are you saying that my ship has caught too many whales and there is killing intent?"

Katerina nodded and said solemnly, "What's the difference between a saber that has killed too many people and a newly forged saber? Many people can subconsciously tell, but they can't say why. In fact, this is killing intent. It's not something that can be sensed with ordinary vision, taste, and other senses. It's an existence that can be identified with intuition! It's also an existence that can be identified with the sixth sense!"

Everyone was shocked. "The sixth feeling!"

Da Fei's jaw dropped! Was he going to be promoted to a Gold Saint Fighter? Ah, wait, there was indeed something called intuition in the game. For example, the boring sub-skill "Treasure Intuition" under the Luck Skill. It was said that after learning this skill, the success rate of players digging for treasures would be slightly higher.

Katerina laughed. "Yes, just like how no one can say what killing intent is. No one can say what the sixth feeling is either, but those battle-hardened warriors and experienced bandits can always subconsciously make the right judgment!"

Alicia laughed. "That's right, my sixth sense must be very sharp! I've felt that since I was young."

What the heck. I thought her nose was good! Da Fei laughed and said, "Of course, of course. Everyone thinks highly of you."

Katerina asked again, "By the way, has it been a long time since Mr. Spielberg caught a whale?"

Spielberg was shocked. "How did you know, Miss?"

Alicia laughed. "You said it yourself!"

Spielberg let out a long sigh. "Indeed, I was once the most famous whaler in New Paster City of the Lionheart Empire. Every time I went out to sea, I would return with a full load, but just a few years ago, I started to have bad luck. I couldn't catch even a single whale. I suspect that there was a problem with my skills. I visited many of my peers and consulted many sacrifices. I must have paid my respects to the altar of the Goddess of Luck every day. I would pray devoutly in every city with the Sea God Temple, but it was all useless! So I had no choice but to leave my hometown and come to the Elven Kingdom. I wanted to change my luck, but I still couldn't! My savings over the past few years were almost used up, and I couldn't even afford to maintain my whaling ship."

So this was the background information of this whaler! Speaking of which, this was the first time he had dug out his heart along the way! Was he going to trigger some plot mission?

No, no, it should be because I haven't interacted much with him. After all, I'm not interested in men. However, even though he's so poor, he still gave me half of the money to sell the octopus. This person is honest! Such a loyal person can only be found in the game. If he's a player, he'll probably be screwed!

Katerina laughed. "I don't think so! The problem should be on your ship!"

Spielberg was shocked. "My ship?"

Katerina chuckled. "I remember the legendary pirate king's ship. His ship has to wash the maintenance warship with shark blood every morning, afternoon, and night. Do you know why?"

Spielberg's brows twitched. "Just now, Miss said that my ship has killing intent. Miss, are you saying that the Pirate King massacred the battleship to make the ship have killing intent?"

Katerina said in a deep voice, "That's right! But that's not all. To the Pirate King, the more murderous the ship is, the more powerful it is. However, to you, the more murderous the ship is, the more it will scare away the whales! The sensors of marine life are not something we humans can understand. Their intuition might far exceed that of humans. This is why you haven't been able to catch whales for years! On the other hand, Sir's ship has almost reached the level of the Pirate King's ship. This is a good thing for the ship, but it's probably a bad thing for the whalers!"

Everyone was enlightened! Da Fei was even more shocked. Although he knew that Katerina knew a lot about ships when he came out of Pirate Island and enlightened him about special ships, he did not expect her to know so much! Was this the knowledge of an Epic Hero? F*ck, back then, he was still lamenting why Deirdre, who was not as good as a Boss as an Epic Hero, would make the decision. At the end of the day, different professions were different worlds!

Then what about Serbia? She was the most useless idea among all the wives because she did not know much at such a young age? Damn! Impossible! She was a good seedling who had a chance of becoming the Saintess of the cloister. She definitely had a lot of knowledge, but she was definitely like the college students in the ivory tower. She just did not know anything about society!

Oh right, didn't Serbia hold on tightly to the divine wand that day? This doesn't match her personality. She must know the meaning of the divine weapon! Damn, I have to develop it! I have to develop my virgin land!

While Da Fei was exclaiming, Spielberg also came to a realization. "So that's how it is! What should I do? I don't think my ability can control an advanced whaling ship!"

Katerina chuckled and said, "Ability always grows during training. If you can't do it now, it doesn't mean you can't in the future!"

Spielberg fell into deep thought.

At this moment, the messenger shouted, "Captain, the general has sent a signal. Prepare to move!"

Spielberg immediately came back to his senses. "Yes, yes, action is more important!" Then, he frowned. "But there's something wrong with my ship—"

Katerina chuckled. "Don't worry. There are so many whales. There's no reason why we can't catch any!"

"Pfft!" Spielberg accidentally spat it out! Alright, different professions are different worlds. Katerina finally spoke foreign languages.

"By the way, Sir, is the ink I asked you to prepare still there?"

Spielberg hurriedly pointed at the three wine barrels on the deck. "Octopus ink? Yes, yes, only three barrels have been collected!"

Anlicia nodded. “Well, that’s good. It might come in handy.”

Dafei said in surprise, "What use is that?"

Alicia chuckled. “Who knows?”

Holy f*ck! This temper of his is not likable!

• • •

The operation began. Whale Catcher's giant body was hidden in a cloud of mist. Da Fei's Vanishing Pursuit was no longer the kind of skill that needed meditation and the help of the Forest Goddess. The combination of two god-level and one grandmaster was almost perfect!

In the midst of the turbulent waves, the hidden Whale Catcher stealthily approached the group of horned whales that were playing with their prey. It saw, it saw the Whale King! As it got closer, it realized that it was not just a horn, but a golden horn and a silver horn, a double-horned whale! Its body was also twice the size of ordinary whales. It was indeed a king!

Closer, closer! He had entered the range of the Whaling Cannon at the bow of the ship! At this moment, Da Fei, who had just released his Skill to take over the Whaling Cannon, was trembling with excitement.

"It's not enough!" Spielberg waved his hand, indicating for the ship to continue moving forward. A cannon was not enough to capture the Whale King.

The whale army suddenly let loose an uneasy cry! Crap! Are we going to be discovered? Should we attack?

Spielberg was even more nervous. He did not put down his raised hand.

Continue forward!

"Roar!" All of a sudden, the whale king let loose a loud roar, and the entire school of whale monsters suddenly came to their senses. The surging waves instantly formed a circle of long spears!

They were discovered?! At that moment, everyone's hearts were in their throats! Da Fei was so excited that he almost started shooting!

"Continue!" At this moment, Spielberg's eyelids were twitching and he was sweating profusely! Da Fei was sweating profusely on his palm. This was the time to test his skills and mental fortitude. Whaling could not be done just by hitting the whaling cannon. It had to hit the spot, deep into the ribs, and grab the spot. Otherwise, just hitting the thick flesh of the whale would be a waste of time.

"Turn sideways!" Finally, Spielberg made a judgment!

At this moment, the whales, who had sensed the unknown danger, started to dive deeper! What the heck! They were going to run away! Let's do it! Da Fei could not help but start firing!

"Steady!" Spielberg bit his lip until it bled!

That's right, the other horned whales had started to run, but the Whale King's dignity as a king did not allow him to run immediately. At the very least, he had to wait until all the whales had run away before he could run! Spielberg had acutely noticed this with his years of experience as a whale hunter!

Now, only the Whale King was left on the surface of the water! It began to dive!

And it was at this time that the whaling ship finally turned completely sideways. The four whaling cannons at the front, middle, and rear of the ship were all aimed at the Whale King!

Spielberg, who had been holding his breath for a long time, finally roared!

Da Fei, who was already so nervous that his nerves were numb, subconsciously turned the turret!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! In that instant, four javelin ropes flew out from the sky like bolts of lightning. Bang! Bang! Bang! Four blood flowers bloomed with a bang as waves of blood shot into the sky, and a shrill cry resounded through the sky!

All hit! Da Fei and all the sailors couldn't help but shout!

"Conceal! Quake Fish!!" Of course, Spielberg was not blinded by the instant victory. It had only just begun!

At this time, the Dwarf fleet waiting at the rear sounded their horns, and the oars rose and fell as fast as they could to protect the ship. Meanwhile, the Whale King roared and rushed towards the present whaling ship! The sailors on the whaling ship pulled back their guns as fast as they could!

With a splash, the Whale King’s body suddenly swayed, and its momentum suddenly stopped—the sailors at the tail guns pulled at the rope as if they were pulling a river!

That’s right. That’s the shock fish. The key trick to catching a whale. Once the prey is shot, it has to retract the line immediately, not giving the prey any room to maneuver with force. Then it can slow it down by changing its direction with the pull of the rope. A whale without speed poses the least threat to the hull, and the possibility of detaching is also the least. In equipped with a whaling net, that would be a successful whaling.

Would the Whale King obediently submit?

— Boom! A loud sound was heard from the deck of the Blood Wave! A part on the tail cannon flew out along with the rope!

The sailors were shocked! Da Fei's balls shattered all over the ground! Damn, the whaling cannon was not fun at all. It could only be used once! This cannon had to be modified!

And with the whale king's monstrous roar, the whales that had just dived down and escaped immediately came back to rescue. What the f*ck! Wasn't this stabbing the bottom of the ship into a beehive! And the dwarf fleet was obviously not as fast as the whales!

"Disperse the fog! Disperse the fog!" Da Fei hurriedly shouted at Alicia! In battle mode, there was no way to continue Stealth Sailing, and the principle of transforming into Skila was the same as Stealth Sailing. It could not be used in battle, so he could only release the fog!

"Wrong!" Alicia kicked the octopus ink bucket that she had prepared for a long time into the sea—Plop! A small patch of darkness below the ship!

Da Fei's eyebrows twitched. Imitating the Octopus's life-saving skill? No way? What's the use of such a small bucket!

And at this time, Alicia waved her staff, and a magic light flashed—Boom! The black light on the surface of the sea exploded, and in that instant, the sea around the ship turned black!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, used an unknown spell!

The sailors on the ship were shocked! Da Fei's jaw dropped!