Chapter 245: Attack Da Fei Together

Junwen

Looking at the vast forest on the map, Da Fei felt his balls ache. He had thought that he was like the commander in the game, who could easily kill 10 people all the way. However, it seemed that things were not that simple. In the jungle mode where the mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind, no one could guarantee that they would not be the prey of others.

Actually, if one thought about it carefully, there were tens of millions of players in the China server alone, and there were also millions who signed up to join in the fun. If they really arranged one-on-one matches one after another, wouldn't the Battle Network servers line up until next year? Then, this kind of chaotic battle would undoubtedly be the most brutal but also the fastest way to filter. Then, the question now was how big the pot was. 10 people? 100 people? Or even 1,000 people?

But it doesn't matter. Who am I? An awesome person with the Godly Reconnaissance Skill! What kind of soldiers do I have? A high-level Elven soldier who specializes in jungle warfare! I am the master of this jungle. If even I have a headache, wouldn't normal players be crushed?

There was nothing to say—"Phantom March"!

Da Fei's sub-hero and troops immediately entered a transparent state. At this moment, Da Fei suddenly realized that Deirdre had transformed into a middle-aged nun!

What the f*ck! Luckily, it's not Nanny Rong! I like this style! That's right, she's my most coquettish harem. I can only look at her butt that can't be found. No other players can look at it.

Da Fei, who had been separated for a long time, could not help but greet her. "Deirdre, how are you doing in the City of Light?"

Deirdre said stiffly, “Please give the order, sir!”

Da Fei was stunned. Why didn't you answer me? Where's your passionate flying kiss? Where's your coquettish smile? Why does it look like an ordinary soldier? Could it be? Da Fei immediately turned to look at Alicia and asked, "How do you feel?"

"What instructions do you have? I'm ready," said Anlicia stiffly.

What the heck! He turned my intelligent Epic Hero into a nerd hero in a tavern. No, it's not even as good as a tavern Hero! It's so hot! It means that this Battle Network account duplication is just a simple copy of data. It didn't duplicate their intelligence bank! Isn't this nonsense? This doesn't reflect my true strength at all. At least half of the sea monsters I fought all the way in the North Sea relied on my Epic Hero's autonomous ability!

In other words, the players could only rely on themselves for this battle! It's alright, I've been crushing them all the way. Do I still need to be smart? Da Fei began to search the forest quietly.

Very quickly, a red dot appeared on Da Fei's map. He had found his target!

What the f*ck? If they were at sea, the small map would definitely show the target from afar. However, in this forest, it was displayed so close to him. This meant that even if it was a God-grade Reconnaissance Skill, it would be greatly restricted in this kind of terrain.

The Reconnaissance Skill was indeed not perfect! Da Fei desperately wanted to get a Reconnaissance Eagle.

Da Fei quietly circled to the back of the target. There was really a patch of red amidst the greenery. The enemy's troops were really eye-catching. They were actually players from the Hell Race! What the heck, didn't the Hell Race's troops come to the forest to seek death? This random battle was really too much of a scam.

Da Fei could now see the ID of the other party through the gaps in the leaves. Royal Starry Sky, Level 36 Demon Lord player. He was hiding among a large group of demonic children, looking around uneasily. There were no sub-heroes, several Hellhounds, and actually 10 Hellhorses! Damn, there were even Level 5 soldiers. High-end ones! Did he get them from completing missions? If it was on the flat land, these 10 Hellhorses would be quite troublesome.

However, no matter what he had, it was meaningless in front of him, who had 250 Advanced troops. Speaking of which, his Wanderer skill was the "Demon Hatred Striker" that targeted all demons. In addition to his temporary God-level Luck Skill and Master-level Archery Skill, wasn't this a good start for him? He would gladly accept it!

— Demon Hatred Striker: Hero's troops have a 10% chance of dealing double damage to Demon-type creatures. Hero's troops are not limited to Elves.

• • •

At this moment, the chat group of the Royal Guild was bustling.

The royal family's overlord: "Whoever enters the competition venue, report the number. Those who are in the same venue, do not act rashly. Do not rush to kill. Report the coordinates to each other. The main objective is to meet up!"

Imperial Blade Madman: "I am number 43, Shan Shan, coordinates 4341, 6741, 45."

Royal Wind Demon: “I am the 26th arena, Ruin Street, coordinates 4531, 3612, 15.”

• • •

Royal Blade: "I'm at Arena 67, Forest of Death, coordinates 2351, 875, 2."

Royal Starry Sky: "Big Brother Blade, I'm also in Arena 67. My coordinates are 2311, 1812, and 1."

The royal Dao Feng: "You're too unlucky! Wait for me!"

The royal galaxy: "Brother Blade, hurry up! I feel like I'm being targeted. Save me!"

The Royal Guild was one of the more famous amateur player guilds in China. Its main feature was that it had many rich players. Of course, it was still incomparable to professional super guilds like Stars, Ninth Heaven, and Dragon Slayer. In reality, China was huge, and there were many players. There were as many guilds at the level of the Royal Guild as there were hairs on an ox. As for those normal small guilds with tens or hundreds of people, there were countless stars in the sky. However, the requirement for Hero Genesis to establish a guild was extremely high, so these guilds that had transferred over from other games could only use chat groups.

The hundreds of thousands of registered players were allocated to various arenas. Not only were the Royal Guild's chat rooms being mobilized, but the guilds that were on good terms with each other were also calling their friends to report their locations.

That’s right, humans were such a group of creatures. Once they were placed in a battlefield where enemies were everywhere, their first reaction would be to call upon their friends to form an alliance.

Therefore, the competition had already been going on for a minute, and there was still no large-scale battle yet. Those who were related were all watching and waiting.

In Arena Number 67, Royal Starry was hiding in the forest, waiting for reinforcements! As a player of the Hell race, he knew his disadvantage very well. The 10 Fel Warhorses that he was proud of could not display their formation and speed advantage in this forest filled with vegetation. Furthermore, if they were too big, they would be stuck by the trees. They were like trapped beasts in a cage. Although the Elf race's Level 5 Unicorn was also large in size, the Unicorn were like little deer in the forest. They could not be compared at all!

At this moment, the leaves around him rustled, and hundreds of javelins that were emitting green smoke shot out in all directions!

— System Message: You were attacked by "Da Fei"!

— System Message: Your Devil Boy team was attacked by Da Fei and was completely wiped out!

— System Message: Your Felsteed unit was attacked by Da Fei. Six Felsteeds died!

The royal family, who had been in a state of fear, suddenly suffered a sudden disaster. They screamed like a cat whose tail had been stepped on! However, before he could see what was happening around him, the troops surrounding him fell down like grass!

It was Da Fei! The Royal Starry Sky was shocked!

A horse neighed! The last Felsteed in front of him fell! This time, he saw the situation. Three arrows! A Level 5 soldier with 80 HP, the Felsteed was killed by three arrows! How was that possible!? The Felsteed itself had 17 Defense points, and my equipment had 20 Defense points. Even a Forest Hunter’s full range attack couldn’t kill a Felsteed in three arrows!

The Felsteed! This was the main force of the Hell race, the meat shield unit. What was the difference between being killed by three arrows and cannon fodder? How high was the legendary Da Fei's attack?

Knowing that he had lost the upper hand, the royal galaxy silently opened the battlefield data and was shocked by the unbelievable damage data! Why was he so awesome?

— System Message: You were killed by Da Fei. The battle has ended. You have been eliminated from the preliminaries. You have obtained 1 Battle Net Point. Thank you for participating. Keep up the good work next time.

The scene changed and the royal family, Starry Sky, returned to the China server. He finally came back to his senses. He had just been in the group chat and was about to rush out of the country when he was defeated in the first battle! He was already a laughing stock when he trained on the Hell Ship. Now, he would be laughed at by them! No, he was unhappy!

The royal family's Starry Sky immediately reminded in the group chat. "Big Brother Blade, don't come. I've been killed by the legendary Da Fei Miao!"

The entire group was shocked. "Da Fei is in your arena?"

The second thing that happened in the royal family's galaxy was to make a police report on the Chinese server's World Channel. As a small local tycoon player, the World Channel's 100 yuan per message was not a problem at all!

— World Channel [Royal Starry Sky]: I am the Royal Starry Sky of the Royal Guild. I was sent flying by Da Fei in the arena of Forest of Death on the 67th! Da Fei's coordinates are (2311, 1812, 1). Players on the 67th arena, be careful. He has long-range attacks and can kill people easily!

Then, in a fit of anger, he played the game more than ten times! In an instant, the China server was in an uproar! And the players in Arena 67 were even more shocked!

In the China server, there was no one who did not know Da Fei! However, everyone only knew that he had a big ship and was very fierce, but they did not expect him to be so fierce on land as well. Now, facing this big tiger Da Fei, where should the players in Arena 67 go? Should they just wait for him to finish harvesting 10 people before leaving?

Meanwhile, Da Fei spat out a mouthful of shit! What kind of f*cking person was this? Did he have to go this far? Did he not feel good after losing to him in the competition? If he lost to him in the wild, wouldn't he vomit blood from anger?

At this moment, someone from the world channel spoke again!

— World Channel [Royal Blade]: All players in Arena 67, please take note. I am the Royal Blade of the Royal Guild. I am also in Arena 67. My coordinates (2356,874,1), come if you can understand. If you can't, forget it!

Ah pfft! Da Fei spat again! Damn it, although I didn't say it explicitly, it's definitely a sign that they're joining forces to attack me! What's the point of competing when they're playing offline!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']