Chapter 241: Full Of Return

Currently, floating barrels were tied up around the dragon bones that had surfaced from the sea. The Flame Overlord and a group of salvage ships were dragging the giant dragon bones back to the sea.

At this moment, the bow of the Flame Overlord had been completely flattened and had lost the ability to break the ice. Hence, the medium-sized fleet took on the task of breaking the ice alert. Fortunately, it was the season of melting ice, so there was not much pressure to break the ice. The greatest pressure was the sea monsters. This was also what Da Fei was most worried about.

Looking at the huge unknown lifeforms that appeared from time to time, Bartow said in a deep voice, "This is a rare hunting season in the North Pole. The sea monsters will seize the time to hunt and replenish their energy. It's unlikely that they will take the risk to challenge the strong, so there's no need to worry. But even if they really come…"

Da Fei laughed. "Of course, we have to defeat them!"

Barto chuckled. "Of course, you can also choose to give up on the dragon bone and come back next year. It'll be much easier next year."

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned. Then, he praised. "General, you really have a sense of propriety. You can take things as they come!"

Barto laughed. "After all, I have to be responsible for the army!"

Indeed, this was a reliable dwarf. Many magic movies portrayed dwarfs as homophobic entertainment audiences who were brave but lacked strategy, good wine and greed. In reality, a greedy race was definitely good at scheming. How could they be stupid?

At this moment, Alicia chuckled. "I do hope that some sea monsters will come and try my new magic!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "Another new spell? So fast?"

"That's right. This time, it's Leviathan. It's much easier with a ready-made model!" After saying that, Alicia took out her Arcane Magic Skill Book. "I just leveled up. I want to learn the sub-skill of God-level Arcana Techniques. Is Captain okay with it?"

Da Fei said happily, "Alright! You can learn it!"

Alicia patted her textbook and a golden light flashed!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Anlicia, spent one Skill Point to learn the sub-skill of Divine Arcana Magic. Materialization! "

Amidst the ringing of the bell that resounded throughout the town, the dwarves of the whole town once again gathered at the dock to send off Da Fei's fleet.

At this moment, the icebergs in the North Sea had melted. The fleet raised their sails and returned at full speed.

At this point, Da Fei was level 34. His attributes were as follows:

Talent Special Feature: pending.

Class: Pikeman, Advanced Voyager, Elementary Ranger, Training Newcomers

Strategic Attack: 54 (18 + points, Captain's Sword at Sea + 2, Elementary Ranger + 34)

Strategic Defense: 29 (17 + points, Captain's Sword on the Sea + 2 Strategic Defense. Spider Demon Armor + 10 Defense)

Personal Attack: 54 (Attack = Strategic Attack)

Personal Defense: 59 (Pirate Shop received a full set of personal equipment and 30 Defense points)

Magic Power: 0 Knowledge: 1 (Ancient Wisdom Tree mission reward)

Basic Damage: 14-16

Life: 299 (Born 10, + 2 per level, Lonely Hero Achievement + 10, Lonely Hero 10 Victories + 15, Lonely Hero 100 Victories + 20, Total Life + 2, Spider Demon Armor + 3, Infinite Vitality + 2, Six glorious victories + 20, God Slayer, Personal Life + 50 Unit Life + 1)

Attack Speed: Faster by 13 (Captain's Sword on the Sea + 2 * * * treasure, Speed Cloak + 10%, Speed Cloak only uses the basic surname)

Movement Speed: 11 (* treasure speed cape + 10%)

Morale: 4

Luck: 6 (Grandmaster Luck Skill + 6)

Command Power: 737

Army bonus health 8, damage 1

Physical Strength: 100

Learning Skill: God-grade Reconnaissance Skill (Sub-skill Collect, Stealth, Intelligence Analysis, Phantom March);

Grandmaster-level Study of War Machines (sub-skill Ballista Master, Triple Crossbow, Mechanical Reinforcement);

Master Special Forces Training Technique (sub-skill, female artillery instructor);

Master-level Nautical Skill (Sub-skill Drag)

Grandmaster Luck Skill (sub-skill, Lucky Hand);

Advanced Voyager (Job-Changing Skill: Storm Voyager, sub-skill Wave Resistance);

Advanced Defense (Unlimited Sub-skill);

Master Archery Skill, Elementary Command Skill, Elementary Attack Skill, Elementary Logistics Skill.

The remaining * attribute points were 9, and the remaining skill points were 1.

…

* * *

* * *