Chapter 243: Barren Pirates Calming Their Internal Strife

In the Barren Pirate Archipelago, under Raging Sea of Blood's successful provocation, the former pirate leader Locke and number two Barak finally fell out and started fighting. At the beginning of the battle, Barak led quite a number of pirates out to sea to hunt, so he had the advantage in terms of military strength. On the other hand, Locke had the advantage in terms of personal strength. Both sides were evenly matched, and both sides suffered losses every day.

Everything was within Raging Sea of Blood's calculations. Raging Sea of Blood saw everything and was delighted. He wished that the two of them would kill each other and perish together so that he could benefit from it.

However, this war dragged on for a month in the game. Raging Sea of Blood began to worry! He finally realized what the problem was—he did not have the strength! As the player who initiated the Epic Mission, he did not have the strength to control the battle! He was too weak to intervene and advance the storyline!

There was an essential difference between Raging Sea of Blood and Da Fei. That was, Da Fei had the Giant Warship Cannon. Not only could he create opportunities, but he could also use his strength to grasp opportunities. Therefore, Da Fei could go ahead, and Da Fei could be awesome. Although Raging Sea of Blood could also create opportunities, the consequence of going ahead was becoming 2!

Therefore, Raging Sea of Blood could only watch the show. He hated Da Fei, who had stolen his warship. If he had a warship, how could this happen?

After that, the development of the situation had exceeded Raging Sea of Blood's expectations. Other pirate forces had intervened! That's right, in the taverns all over Pirate Island, some pirates were actually spies planted by other pirate forces.

When a pirate faction had internal strife, if the leader could quickly suppress it, or if the rebels could quickly replace it, it would not be a problem. However, this kind of prolonged war was very problematic. Not only would it attract the coveting of other pirate factions, but it would also attract the attention of the kingdom's navy. And before the kingdom's navy made a move, the alliance with the pirate factions had to stabilize the situation. In short, regardless of the ownership of the Barren Islands, they absolutely could not let the kingdom's navy occupy it.

Hence, Raging Sea of Blood finally had something to do. He lobbied around the visiting Innocent Pirates, Blood-Sail Pirates, Blood Raiders Pirates, and Blackwater Pirates. Although these people did not come with good intentions, and the price of helping them was to get a share of the profits, there was no turning back now. All he needed to do was get rid of Locke.

Finally, the final battle began. With the help of external help, Barak defeated Locke's fleet. Locke, who was at his wits' end, piloted his damaged Tiger Shark pirate warship. The lone sail escaped to the east of the vast sea.

— System Message: Barak has become the new Barren Pirate Leader after the Barren Pirate Civil War ends. You have completed the epic quest "The Barren Pirate's Internal Strife". You have received rewards: EXP + 5,000,000, Ziyou Skill Points + 5. Your reputation among Barren Pirates has become Respect. Your reputation among the Innocent Pirates, Blood-Sail Pirates, Blood Striker Pirates, and Black Water Pirates + 10,000.

Looking at the Tiger Shark Battleship disappearing into the horizon, and then at the rewards of the so-called epic quest that seemed too horrible to watch, Raging Sea of Blood's heart was bleeding! A large battleship! A large battleship has run away! Didn't I spend so much effort to revolt just to target his large battleship?!

Barak, who was covered in bandages and covered in blood, let out a long sigh. He patted Raging Sea of Blood's shoulder and said tiredly, "We've won. I'm tired too. You're very capable. Just be my second-in-command. This position is not easy. You have to work hard!"

— System Message: Barren Pirate Leader has appointed you as the second-in-command of Barren Pirates! Your current authority is to do business. You can preside over the trade between Barren Pirates and other pirate factions. You can also open up smuggling channels with the kingdom.

Business! You old blockhead! I don't lack money! I want to command your pirate fleet!

Raging Sea of Blood couldn't help but say frantically, "Leader, we can't let Loke escape! We can't let him go!"

Barak smiled sadly. "Let the tiger return to the mountain? Don't joke around. He's already at the end of his rope. There's no place for him in the entire Seven Seas. This is the outcome of a loser, not to mention that he even suffered such heavy injuries!"

I want his warship! Raging Sea of Blood said anxiously, "He has to hide somewhere, right?"

Barak shook his head. "East! That's the only place he can go."

Raging Sea of Blood said in surprise, "East? The Thousand Island Kingdom of Naga?"

Barak nodded and said solemnly, "That's right, that's the only place where the exiles can go, but only the strong can get a place to rest there. But he's already a cripple with such heavy injuries, he's not even fit to carry Naga's shoes."

Raging Sea of Blood was stunned. "Naga has a snake tail. She doesn't wear shoes."

Barak laughed. “Don’t you think that’s a funny thing to say?”

Humor my ass! Raging Sea of Blood's face was as dark as charcoal. In short, when I become stronger in the future, I'll destroy you and replace you! I'm just too weak. I can't take advantage of this opportunity to take his life!

At this moment, a few small boats approached, and a few pirates jumped onto the deck of Barak's ship. "Barak, looks like you're in a good mood."

They were the Innocent Pirates, the Blood Raider Pirates, the Blood Sail Pirates, and the representatives sent by the Blackwater Pirates. Raging Sea of Blood's eyes almost popped out of his head from the shock of the jumping ship just now! This was too strong! Facing them, even if they had a large ship, it would not be safe! With the strength of any one of them, as long as they jumped up, wouldn't they be able to wipe out all the players on the ship? It seemed like he had still underestimated the strength of the NPCs. The matter of rebelling and becoming independent still had to be considered carefully and not rushed!

Barak's face darkened. "It's not that I want to rebel. If Locke doesn't suspect me, I'm still his good brother."

Everyone laughed and said, "Let bygones be bygones. Don't forget how you became a leader. Give us your monthly dividends regularly. If you're unwilling, then prepare to face our joint attack!" Amidst their laughter, everyone jumped off the small boat and returned to their respective ships.

Raging Sea of Blood gritted his teeth in anger.

Barak patted Raging Sea of Blood's shoulder and sighed. "Work hard."

Fuck you!

No matter what, the Barren Pirates had finally come to an end. Although Raging Sea of Blood was not satisfied with the outcome, and even felt aggrieved, he was still doing much better than ordinary players. After all, it was quite impressive for an errand player to become the second-in-command of a faction in charge of trade. Furthermore, the Barren Archipelago had a rather valuable specialty Blood Pearl, which could also earn him a lot of profits.

In short, the next step was to develop well and increase his reputation among the pirates, laying the foundation for his rebellion. On the other hand, it was not a problem to build a medium-sized pirate warship with the pirate reputation rewarded from an epic mission. Medium-sized warships could also do many things if used well.