Chapter 247: The China Area With Hidden Dragons And Tigers

Junwen

Da Fei was satisfied with his victory in the second battle. At the same time, he became alert.

To be honest, if it wasn't for his God-grade Reconnaissance Skill, he might have been the one who was beheaded. There were many hidden dragons and crouching tigers in the China region. It was indeed not something that he could underestimate. Not only would it be easy for him to be ambushed while traveling in the forest, but it would also scare people away. He didn't have the advantage in speed in the forest, so if others wanted to escape, he might not be able to catch up.

So there was no other way. It was better to keep a low-profile and use the Phantom March. Right, who was that just now? Eastern Sword? This name was familiar, right? He seemed to be an expert?

Now, Da Fei did not encounter a single red dot along the way. The players were not fools. Their coordinates had been dropped twice. Of course, they had avoided it long ago. In the end, it was mainly because Da Fei had been blown away by the two idiot world channel. Da Fei instantly became a terrifying demon king. Da Fei knew very well how high Da Fei's attack was. He was happy in the first second of the battle because Da Fei's Wanderer had a Luck bonus when fighting demons. He was happy in the second second because the Forest Hunters were poor and could not fight well.

But the victim's preconceived notions were unknown. They only knew that Da Fei's attack was very high, and that he was a legendary celebrity in the Chinese region. Who would dare to face him directly?

Finally, a red cloud appeared on Da Fei's radar! What the heck, there was no need to use the radar. He could see a large patch of trees swaying in front of him and all kinds of birds flying around in panic. He knew that there were already many players gathered!

Damn! I didn't expect there to be so many players in this arena! What should I do now?

There's nothing I can do. I can't afford to offend you. I'll hide! I don't believe that your hearts are so united. When you can't find me after half a day, what will you do? It must be internal strife. I can tell with my butt.

— World Channel [Royal Blade]: All players in Arena 67, please add in chat group "Royal guest group 3456000123"

F*ck! Are you still planning to command everyone to surround and kill me? Fine, I'll play the Unbroken Cult. I'll join too. This is called knowing yourself and your enemy!

— Welcome to the Royal Guild's guest group. Please announce your ID in the game.

Tsk! A sword coming from the east!

— Welcome, Yi Jian Donglai, to the Imperial Family's guest group. I wish you a good time.

Haha, it was easy to be a spy in the offline chat room. Suddenly, Da Fei realized that there were people joining the chat room continuously. In the blink of an eye, the number of people joining reached 8,000! The number was still increasing.

F*ck, that's impossible, right? There can't be 8,000 people in this competition venue, right?

Of course, it was impossible for there to be 8,000 players. They were just bored and came to watch the fun! That's right, this was a rare opportunity for the Royal Guild to create hype. They wanted to use this precious opportunity to increase the guild's reputation! Why was this opportunity precious? It was because their opponent was Ren Dafei! In this day and age, the most effective way to become famous was to find a famous person who wouldn't let go!

Blade of the Royal Family: "Hello, everyone. All players who have gathered with me, please fight 1. Our opponent this time is Da Fei. His Reconnaissance Skill level is estimated to be at the Grandmaster level. It is very dangerous for him to appear and disappear in the forest. Therefore, we will use a dragnet method to search. Once we find the target, we will surround him immediately. Now, I will distribute the manpower—"

Hero News reporter 098: "Hello, may I interrupt for a moment? I am the frontline reporter for Hero News. Now, all players have a question. Is it appropriate for your guild to join forces to deal with a player?"

The royal Blade: "Because he is Da Fei. This reason is enough!"

Hero News reporter 098: "Because he's too strong?"

Blade of the Royal Family said, "That's right. If you think it's unfair for us to fight with numbers, then it's equally unfair for Da Fei to bully the weak. We're in the jungle now. We follow the rules of the jungle!"

The chat group was filled with voices of support. "Well said!" To many ordinary players, seeing Da Fei simply meant that they were unhappy, and there was no need to explain.

Reporter: "Then, if we eliminate Da Fei, what will happen to our team?"

Blade of the Royal Family said, "Of course it's a fair competition. I think the reporter is thinking too much. Do you think we can defeat Da Fei? I don't even have the confidence! He's the man who challenged the entire world during the Kingdom War! He's the man who killed Demigods. He can easily kill an ordinary player's army. We're facing a super Boss! Alright, I'll distribute the manpower now."

Obviously, the royal Blade purposely avoided the topic of what to do after winning and exaggerated Da Fei's threat.

At this moment, Da Fei, who was in the chat group, heard his evaluation of himself and could not help but feel energized. It turned out that his image in the eyes of ordinary players was so tall and mighty? Wahahaha! He was a little excited to hear it! That's right, what character can be compensated with strength?

Fine, in order to not let down my great image as a super boss, I'll fight till the end! How do I fight? That guy called Yi Jian Donglai's execution method was very good. I'll also lay in ambush and change locations with one shot. If I can't catch up to you in the forest, do you think you can catch up to me? Most importantly, who dares to chase me?

Blade of the Royal Family had excellent organizational skills. He easily remembered the players who surrounded him and arranged their teams. It had to be said that to be able to organize players whom he did not know was an impressive feat. Of course, to normal players, they had no choice but to follow the Royal Family's orders. If they did not obey, they would be eliminated by their team.

The netting began.

Da Fei quietly lay in ambush in the forest, waiting for the first prey to take the bait. It's here! A total of four red dots came at him. Da Fei frowned. He could only kill them quickly!

The first unit was close by. It was a human player, a typical combination of pikemen and archers. Pikemen were trash in the jungle. They could not turn their pikes around or form a formation. This group was destined to be a tragedy.

Wait, where are the players? Da Fei pulled out the leaf and stared at it for a long time. He only knew that it was a troop called "Player Xie Babai", but he really did not see where the player commander was. What the heck, could it be that he was hiding among the pikemen and crawling around? This was too wretched, right? There was no way to behead him now?

His troops were getting closer. Da Fei's hiding place would be exposed if he did not attack. There was no other way. Kill!

A rain of arrows shot out!

— System Message: You attacked Xie Babai's troops, you destroyed the enemy's archers!

At this moment, Da Fei heard a scream from the chat group. "It's Da Fei! Da Fei, kill me! Luckily, I kept my head low!"

The chat group immediately exploded. "Coordinates! Report the coordinates!"

What the f*ck! Only then did Da Fei see a figure in the middle of the enemy's formation rolling and crying as he rolled behind a big tree and disappeared!

F*ck! The head ran away again! At this moment, the other three red dots started to surround them!

Da Fei was in a bad mood. They really dared to surround him, didn't they? Fine, if all of you are like this, I can't even be bothered to change my location!

The second and third red dots immediately appeared. A large group of Skeletal Skeleton Archer soldiers and a large group of Dwarf Level 1 Shield Specialists, Undead players, and Dwarf players! Wahaha, rare. In order to deal with me, the Guild of Light and the Guild of Darkness have joined forces. What a harmonious scene!

Unfortunately, the Skeleton Archers, who were born with poor eyesight and did not have high accuracy, were also trash in the forest with many obstacles. Their arrows were not as fast and powerful as the Jungle Archers. Even if the leaves blocked them, they would miss. Furthermore, they could not form an arrow formation in the forest, so they could not make up for the disadvantage of being hit. They were completely trash among trash. As for the Dwarfs, it was hard to say. The Dwarfs did not have outstanding mobility in any terrain, but it did not affect them much. The Dwarfs were born to be Travelers and Adventurers. They would kill the Dwarfs first! Once they were stuck close to the Dwarfs, they would not be able to escape!

The problem was, where was the commander-in-chief of the dwarves? Was he also hiding in the army? Damn, he was already short, yet he still dared to hide. Were all the Chinese players so wretched?

F*ck! I can only kill soldiers!

At this moment, black smoke flashed on the undead side!

— System Message: Contestant "has yet to * * *" cast Dark Magic "Delay" on your troops!

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped in shock! Slow spell! At this moment, a golden light flashed beside him!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia cast Master-level nun skill "Eternal Light". The opponent failed!

Thank God! If I really get slowed down, I'm doomed!

At the same time, the chat group exploded again. "I have suffered heavy casualties, hurry up and reinforce!"

"Casting is ineffective! Da Fei can make my Slow spell ineffective!"

"No way? How is that possible!"

"Hurry! Reinforcements!"

Reinforcements? Will I give you a chance? I have 250 level 4 soldiers, but you don't even have as many level 1 and 4 soldiers as me. I'll kill you all in one second! That's right, I don't care about your balls. I'll kill one of you, two of you will kill two!

Another round of arrows whistled through the air. The Level 1 Dwarf Shield Guard, which was known for its high defense and high HP, was instantly destroyed. The Skeleton Archers of the Undead players caused no damage to Da Fei's Level 4 troops!

The Dwarf shouted, "Da Fei's firepower is too strong. I can't take it anymore. I'm dodging!"

Then, Da Fei saw an iron ball rolling into the bushes. Da Fei was confused. Damn it, how did they do these difficult moves?

When the Undead players saw that the situation was not good, they made a prompt decision to retreat!

What the heck! Two more heads ran away! Da Fei's balls shattered! He had brought so many Advanced long-range players with him, why couldn't he get one head?

Just at this moment, a flash of lightning appeared in front of Da Fei's eyes! A thunderbolt descended from the sky and exploded! The entire forest where Da Fei was standing was engulfed in flames!

— System Message: Contestant "Phoenix Rain" cast "Lightning Summoning Spell" on your troops! Your Forest Goddess troops received 530 points of damage!

Da Fei was stunned. Spellcasters? Where are they? At the same time, a golden light shone on the Forest Goddess troops.

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia cast Master-level Light Magic "Heal" on your Forest Goddess troops. Your troops have recovered 530 HP!

Da Fei looked around in shock. Where was he? Where was he?

Just as he was in a state of shock, another bolt of lightning struck down! The Goddess of Forest's troops were struck by lightning again!

Da Fei was about to go crazy! What the heck! Who's attacking me! Why can't I see him? Is it because his casting range is too far, or is it because he can turn invisible and cast spells? Is there such a skill? It can't be, right?

At this moment, the entire chat group was in an uproar. The group leader deployed all sorts of troops. "The place where the lightning strikes is Da Fei! Everyone, charge together. Don't let him escape!"

Da Fei's balls hurt! He had been struck by two lightning bolts, but he did not know where the players who attacked him were! There were really hidden talents in the China server!

Another bolt of lightning came crashing down! This is f*cking trying to compete with my Serbia in terms of mana! Looking at the red dots surrounding him, Da Fei could not remain calm. Can't I just run?!

• • •

At this moment, on top of a big tree far away from Da Fei's army, the Elven player, Phoenix's Feather, was wearing a fiery red robe. She looked down at Da Fei, who was retreating in panic.

"You make it sound so impressive. It's just that the people I meet are all rookies. In fact, they're nothing much!" Phoenix's Rain curled his lips in disdain. Then, he teleported and appeared on top of another tree. He wanted to kill Da Fei from a distance.

That's right. The special ability of Phoenix's Rain was "Titan's Thunder". The range of his thunder-type magic was 50% farther than normal thunder-type magic! And under the forest's vision, Da Fei could not see him at all. He could fly freely on the treetop!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']