Chapter 244: World Battle Network Opening

— World Announcement: In order to thank all players' friends for their support of Hero Genesis, Hero Genesis has officially opened the "World War Network" system globally. Players can show off their skills by PKing with players from all regions of the world through the battle network server. Please log onto the official website to check the detailed introduction of the battle network system.

— World Announcement: In order to celebrate the grand launch of the World War Network system, Hero Genesis United Headquarters has set up the first "Hero World Cup" World Championships. Any player above level 20 can freely sign up for the tournament. World Championship prize money: $1 million! Secondary army: $500,000! Secondary army: $250,000, 4-10 million USD, 11-100 USD! 101-1,000 USD!

— China Regional Announcement: The "Hero World Cup" China region's individual qualifiers have begun. Players who win 10 consecutive matches will obtain the qualifiers. Players can immediately register at the online battle network server to participate! The registration period ends at 0 PM on February 29.

— System Message: Dear player! Your "World Battle Network" system function has been activated. You can now join the World Battle Network server to participate in the competition.

• • •

The sudden world announcement made Da Fei, who was about to drift off to sleep, feel energized. World Battle Network! It was finally opened! This was a god-level battle platform that did not even open during the open beta!

The so-called World Battle Network was a battle server opened by Hero Genesis Company. This server was connected to any server in any district. As long as players signed up to participate in the competition, they would temporarily copy players' accounts and enter this battle server. In the words of the Evil Demons, this was called a plane projection.

In the Battle Network server, even if all the participating players were killed, even if the EXP from killing people like flies broke through the sky, even if the other party's godly weapon was destroyed, even if they were to engage in international trade with the other party, it would still be a mirage, and it would not affect the characters in the area at all.

Of course, this duplicate account was also very particular. Any unit or equipment that was copied would leave a single code. This meant that after a player brought a Leviathan and a magical wand to participate in the competition and had their account copied, it was impossible for the player to trade the magical weapon with his friend and let his friend bring Leviathan to participate.

In short, the Battle Network server was purely a battle platform. As long as players paid a certain amount of gold coins, players could fight with players from any region in the world at any time. And during the open beta, the only way to meet players from other regions was to go to the New World. Of course, PvP in the New World was like dying soldiers dropping levels and dropping equipment.

The launch of the World War Network system could allow some players, such as merchants, fishing, mining, and other boring missions to have fun by multitasking. It could allow some competitive players to have a wide range of contact with various players to raise their standards. Therefore, at the end of the open beta testing, the world players enthusiastically requested Hero's headquarters to develop the World War Network system. And now, the World War Net that many players were eagerly waiting for had finally opened.

All of a sudden, the entire Chinese server's world channel was bursting with joy.

Da Fei was also overwhelmed with emotions. The championship prize money was one million US dollars! That was six million RMB! That was the real deal! Those Godly Hero accounts were valued at three million US dollars. Eight million US dollars was the fake. Who would buy it?

One million USD. If it was like buying lottery tickets in the past, he could only dream about it. But who was Da Fei now? His confidence was inflated, and he believed that he was the world's number one! Even if he could not beat the so-called professional players, it should not be a problem for him to get into the top three, right? Even if he could not get into the top 10 in the top three, it should not be a problem for him to get into the top 100, right? The top 100 would have 10,000 USD!

In short, in this peaceful and sunny day, with no ripples in the sea, and at least two days of a long real-life journey ahead, this battle system was truly a good way to relieve boredom!

— System Message: You are connected to the World Battle Network system. The network is crowded. Please line up and wait!

Pfft! No matter how impressive the battle system was, it couldn't withstand the sheer number of people in China! At this moment, the world channel's rich players were also cursing.

At the end of the day, this was the disadvantage of the Battle Network system. Different countries had different internet speeds. Thus, pro-level leagues still had to adopt a traditional live competition method. Of course, in order to prevent players from accumulating points, the Battle Network system would randomly set up all the opponents. It was impossible to fight against the opponents.

After some time, Da Fei successfully logged into the Battle Network.

— System Message: Congratulations! You successfully registered for the "World Cup of Heroes" China Qualifiers.

— System Message: Your current comprehensive military strength is as follows. Please choose your combat strength!

The main hero, Da Fei, was Level 34. Command Power 739. Tactical position 4. He could command four units.

Vice Hero Katerina, Level 33, Command Power 39.

Sub-hero Serbia Level 33, Command Power 146.

Sub-hero Deirdre was Level 20 and had 100 Command Power.

Deputy Hero, Alicia, level 29, Command Power 42.

Total Command Power: 1063

Your troops: 3539 Flower Goblin (Command Value: 0, unable to go out to battle), 50 Druids (Command Value: 150), 200 Forest Goddess (Defense Command Value: 0, Command Value: 600), 2 Succubus Emperor (Command Value: 100), 44 Cannon Emperor (Command Value: 264), 1 Banshee Artillery (Command Value: 3), 3 Demonized Venom Sea Anemone (Command Value: 0, unable to go out to battle).

[Presidential Rate of the unit: 1117, a total of five units. Note: Charm Emperor, Cannon Emperor, Banshee Artillery, default to be the same unit. Soldiers who are unable to go to war cannot participate.]

• • •

Da Fei suddenly understood! So this was the Battle Network! It meant that as long as it was a player's military strength, even if it was not on a map, it could still be replicated to a battle uniform! It was indeed very satisfying! It was indeed a direct reflection of the player's overall strength. If his military strength and leadership were so impressive, wouldn't it scare people silly?

Wait a minute! When Da Fei's gaze landed on the last Poison Sea Anemone in the army, his entire body shook! Was there a mistake? He still had three Demonized Venom Sea Anemones? Didn't he complete the mission and perish on his own?

Da Fei hurriedly opened the Player's territory panel. There was only a City of Light inside. There was still no information about the Venom Sea Anemone King's building?

What the f*ck? What's going on? Could it be that they're still here? I've lost contact with them just because they're not in the same world? There's more to this than meets the eye! Indeed, Renoir was sealed on that island. What's Markal's motive? Sealed because Renoir is a hero that cannot be destroyed? There's more to it! That novice island still has more to it!

— System Message: Players, please choose the participating forces!

The system's urging brought Da Fei back to his senses. No matter what, now was not the time to care about that. Anyway, the competition was more important.

There was nothing much to say. For the championship of one million US dollars, for the sake of qualifying, of course, he would mobilize his entire army. Anyway, there was no loss even if the Battle Network broke the top players.

Wait a minute! If I send the Succubus Emperor and the Cannon Emperor out, won't it scare all the players in the world to death? The Succubus Emperor has over a thousand HP, Attack, Defense, and Defense, and it has over a hundred flying long-range invisible BOSS troops. With my insane Strategy Attack and Defense, it's like a human-shaped bomber! Even the Cannon Emperor has Level 7 troops with 30 Attack, 20 Defense, and 320 HP. How can ordinary players survive this?

For a moment, Da Fei hesitated. It was not wrong to be high-profile. The confidence of being high-profile was because he had a trump card. If he used all his trump cards and scared the big teams in the world, they would definitely think of ways to borrow troops from everywhere, gather an elite team, and then participate in the competition to specifically target him. Wouldn't that alert the enemy? In a situation where the difference in military strength was not too great, it would be a competition of the players' maneuvers and tactics. Da Fei was playing the high-end crushing game. As for his maneuvering and skills, Da Fei believed that he was still unable to compare with those professional players. Therefore, he had to keep his trump cards and win by surprise.

Da Fei carefully studied the competition rules again and confirmed that this participating force could be adjusted according to the stage of the competition.

It was decided! For the time being, they would not let the Succubus Emperor and the Cannon Emperor participate—at least, they would not participate in the national qualifiers. When the time came for them to compete for the championship prize of one million US dollars, they would have to fight.

Not to mention that he already had 200 level 4 Forest Goddesses. This was also a flying long-range soldier that could heal the Elementary Illusionary Legion. It was quite an impressive existence in the world! Once he was coordinated by Serbia's magic energy to increase his magic power by + 1, and then enhanced by Alicia's God-level arcane spell, who knew what would happen? Who knew if she would really summon a physical Leviathan? Although Leviathan was a sea monster, it had crocodile legs, so it wouldn't be too bad for land battles.

All in all, such an impressive hero. Such an impressive army. If they couldn't even win the qualifiers, they might as well jump into the sea. It should be known that the progress of the current national server was difficult for ordinary players to equip large numbers of Level 4 troops.

— System Message: You have chosen four sub-heroes, 50 Druids, and 200 Goddess of the Forest! You are currently matching the other contestants and the venue. Please wait patiently. During the competition, I suggest you stop all activities in the current area.

Then wait.

Da Fei let out a long breath and continued to stare at the melting iceberg. Now that the iceberg was gone, and the north wind was blowing, the fleet advanced at full speed under the lead of Radiance Wings.

How was the Sea God going to deal with him now? His ship had been repaired and strengthened. There were no more icebergs. Sea monsters might not be able to catch up to him. Even if they could catch up, they might not be able to defeat him. Could it be that they would set up an ambush in the Frosty Wind Strait? Damn, setting up two ambushes at the same place would be so troublesome.

Speaking of which, why did Markal send him here to deliver the goods? Bartow had said that the Sea God and the Nether God wanted to fight for the souls of the sailors at sea. Markal, the Death Lord, must be on the side of the Nether God, right? Were those Viking undead related to him? Was the abnormality at the bottom of the volcanic mine the rhythm of Markal joining forces with the Dark Alliance to seize the island?

Just as he was thinking, the system notification finally sounded.

— System Message: You have entered the “Forest of Death” of the random competition venue!

— Rules of the competition: There are contestants randomly assigned by the system in the competition grounds. You must defeat 10 opponents before you can qualify. Once you lose once, you will be eliminated.

The scene changed. Da Fei and his hero team appeared in a dense forest covered by trees.

What the f*ck! I thought it was going to be a 1v1, but it turned out to be a jungle survival battle!