Chapter 249: The Flying Hero Who Turned The Situation

Da Fei was determined not to run this time. He did not care what kind of hidden dragons and tigers there were. Da Fei wanted to fight to his heart's content! Whether it was in terms of military strength or numbers, he had an overwhelming advantage. He was going all out! One person with 100 people's strength was completely different from 100 people. That was the difference between Boss and trash!

Now, Da Fei found a place with a lot of big trees to lean against. He set up a group of Druids to form a circle around himself and the sub-heroes to prevent himself from being beheaded. Then, he set up other Druids to guard behind the other trees to form a crossfire point. As for the long-range flying warriors like the Forest Goddess, they would naturally be used as mobile firepower. They would attack wherever there was enemies.

It had to be said that even though the forest was extremely dangerous, it also provided a natural barrier for them to hide in. As long as they made good use of it, they would be able to achieve great things.

At this moment, the chat group became noisy. "We're surrounded! We're surrounded! Those behind, follow me!"

Dao Feng was so excited that his tone changed. "Everyone in front, surround them. Don't attack. When everyone is here, we will attack together!"

Da Fei clicked his tongue. A general attack? Come on! My blood is boiling!

At this moment, Phoenix Feather, who was standing on the branch of the big tree, felt that something was wrong. Why hadn’t I killed him? If his priest wanted to use healing spells to fight me, his magic power consumption would be at least twice that of mine. But was this possible? Could it be that his troops’ magic resistance was too high?

Could it be… the Illusionary Legion?

In that instant, the Feather of the Phoenix had a strong feeling of being fooled! However, that wasn’t right either! After duplicating so many soldiers and duplicating so many times, even the magic power of the Illusionary Legion wouldn’t be able to last against me! Could it be that Priest Kong Lan had used an illusion on his other hero? That was the only explanation!

The thought of this guy having so many beautiful sub-heroes made Phoenix Feather feel uncomfortable all over. Even though he did not need to bring any sub-heroes due to the need for mobile tactics, and did not even need to bring a soldier, it did not mean that he did not envy those players with beautiful female heroes! This more or less reminded him of the unhappy things that happened during the open beta.

In short, he had to work harder and strike him to death when he was down! Phoenix Feather gritted her teeth and used a small amount of magic power to release another wild thunder!

• • •

Now, the chat group was full of passion. Da Fei's surroundings were filled with red dots, three layers in total. Looking at the forest, Da Fei sighed.

I didn't expect there to be so many players in this arena! 300? 500? With so many players, even if they only brought Level 1 troops, it would be enough for me. Even if I was a super boss, I would still have to lie down. If all of these players were as wretched as the previous few, they would retreat as soon as their troops were wiped out. Wouldn't it be difficult for me to qualify? F*ck, if I had known this would happen, I would have brought out the Succubus Emperor Cannon Emperor!

This was too much. This was what they meant by the saying, the outstanding tree will shoot the bird that sticks out.

Wait! Succubus Emperor? All of a sudden, Da Fei remembered that Deirdre was a Hero version of the Succubus Emperor. What the heck! She could fly! What a powerful special skill! A flying hero was even more heaven-defying! I actually wasted such a treasure and forgot about it! I haven't seen Deirdre in a long time. I've been fixed by her Cannon Master job. I've been bewitched by her middle-aged nun image!

At the end of the day, it was because ever since he entered this game, there had been too many things to do. He had fought too few battles, especially with Deirdre! Because of this f*cking Hero Trial Mission, he had never thought of sending her to war!

That was true. Just based on her ability as a Cannon Gunner, a Banshee, would she be worth the madness of a professional team as big as India and Japan, to the point of even falling out with each other? The most important thing was that they had their eyes on her ability as a flying hero! A flying hero bringing a flying soldier, for example, bringing an angel, this was too f*cking fierce!

Da Fei immediately asked Deirdre, "Can you fly? Can you lead your Forest Goddess troops to battle?"

Although your AI library did not replicate it, this is your skill. Don't tell me you don't know it!

Deirdre nodded and replied in a stiff tone, “I’m ready. Please give the order, Master!”

This AI! But it's good that she knows. Da Fei shook his head and sighed. He chose the sub-hero team command and ordered. "Go and kill that Phoenix Feather first, then harass the enemy from behind!"

The role of the sub-hero was, of course, to help the commander-in-chief fight. When fighting a war, they could stay in the team, and of course, they could also split up. However, once they split up and attacked, the sub-hero troops would not be able to enjoy the bonus attributes and skills of the commander-in-chief, and it would also test the intelligence of the sub-hero. Da Fei was worried about the sub-hero intelligence in the Battle Net server!

In fact, during the open beta, the most annoying thing for players was the sub-hero's expedition. The casualties were simply unbearable.

A pink smoke rose, and the middle-aged beautiful nun Deirdre disappeared. A Bat-winged Demoness with a voluptuous figure and snow-white skin appeared. Da Fei's heart broke! My flirtatious wife is going to be seen by other players. I'm in big trouble!

At this moment, another lightning bolt struck down! Very good, I was waiting for your cooldown time.

Da Fei waved his hand. "Attack! Kill him!"

"I'm going out!" Deirdre led her 33 Forest Goddesses and soared into the sky. They flew to the treetops and out of Da Fei's vision!

At this moment, the chat group exploded. "Something flew out!"

"Oh my god, it looks like a Banshee. The Banshee that Da Fei got during the war!"

This sudden turn of events caused Dao Feng to lose his cool. He shouted in the chat group, "Attack!"

The chat group shouted in unison, "Charge!"

Dafei clenched his teeth. "Come on!"

Hualala! The surrounding trees moved, and the surrounding red clouds started gathering towards Da Fei. Da Fei saw all kinds of Level 1 soldiers like Spear Soldiers, Sword Dancers, Skeleton Soldiers, Goblins, Devil Boy, and so on! What the heck! Multinational troops, right?! I'd like to see how many of you can reach me.

At this moment, Phoenix Feather had just released a bolt of lightning when she saw a group of flying soldiers flying towards her from the forest! Phoenix Feather's eyes widened. How was this possible! How could soldiers leave the players and fight alone?

It’s getting closer! Phoenix Feather finally saw that the leader was a female Demoness whose entire body was white, her chest was swaying, and a fiery red halo was revolving around her feet…

Hero! Banshee Hero! And it was actually a Banshee Hero who could fly! Feather of the Phoenix was so shocked that she could not believe what she was seeing! How was this possible! This was clearly not a normal Banshee. Banshee could not fly! This was Da Fei's strength?

Phoenix Feather’s heart trembled. The only thing he could do now was to use another teleportation. This time, he teleported into the forest. He hoped to avoid this calamity. But it was useless. He had nowhere to hide in front of the hunters in the sky, just like how he was so happy when he blasted Da Fei.

Deirdre’s troops instantly landed around him, javelins flying out!

In that moment of blood loss, the phoenix feather stared at Deirdre with so much hatred and jealousy that her intestines almost broke. “I’m so angry!”

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Deirdre, killed the player, "Feather of the Phoenix".

Dead! This joker is finally dead! Big Bird let out a long laugh. "Who else? Who's next?"

At this moment, the entire chat group was in chaos!

"I can't take it anymore, I'm retreating!"

"Damn, Da Fei's firepower is too strong! I'll retreat too!"

Dao Feng shouted, “Charge! Those behind, continue to charge!”

Da Fei was very happy and excited now. It was not because he had killed a joker, but because he had successfully developed Deirdre's greatest usage value. Her value was not just to be used as a cannon! Similarly, those Cannon Emperors could also fly!

Sometimes, people were like this. The treasure was right in front of him, but he was blind and couldn't see it! In short, no matter what, he had to do everything he could to let Deirdre reach Level 50 safely! Oh right, how much experience could he gain from this trip?

I’ve decided. I’ll let Deirdre sell all the goods. My other wives and I will hide far away. I’ll let her eat all the experience alone! Haha, wahahaha!

Da Fei, who was in a good mood, was even happier when he heard the members of the Blade Royalty shouting in the chat group. He could not help but type a line in the chat room: Blade Royalty, if you want to mess with me, you can do it yourself. Calling others to be cannon fodder is nothing.

As soon as he said this, someone in the chat group immediately shouted, "Who is this Yi Jian Donglai?"

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned. Oh? I didn't even notice that I was using the name of 'Sword from the East'? Haha! Sword from the East, I've given you good fortune. I'll let you use my name to shine for once. Don't thank me. Call me Red Scarf!

Dafei typed: I am Dafei, this is my chat name!

The group chat was in an uproar. "Really?"

The royal Dao Feng said angrily, "Any Tom, Dick or Harry likes to pretend to be a famous person. Ignore them. Everyone, keep charging!"

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Deirdre, killed the contestant, Thousand Ton Peak.

Da Fei was overjoyed. Deirdre had done it again! She had indeed succeeded in carrying out his harassment order! Thousand Ton Peak? What the heck, wasn't that the Dwarf who had run off alone just now? Great, now I'm attacking from both front and back. I'm afraid I can't gather 10 heads?

Da Fei was overjoyed. He typed in the chat to break down the other party's morale. "Jumbo, you still didn't run away! You can go against anyone, but you have to go against me!"

As expected, there was a loud roar in the chat room. "I was killed by Da Fei's sub-hero! There are so many beauties!"

The chat room erupted. "He's really Da Fei!"

Dao Feng said angrily, "Kick this spy!"

— Group message notification: You have been kicked out of the royal guest group by the group administrator.

Da Fei laughed out loud!