Chapter 246: Eastern Sword

On the first day of the World War Network's opening, the American Hero Genesis headquarters was like the New York stock market. A large group of staff members were watching the computer in front of them closely monitoring the competitions of all the regions around the world. At the same time, all the eSports media around the world also took action at once to celebrate the long-awaited competition.

However! Three minutes! In less than three minutes, something happened in China again!

That's right, it was the Chinese server's Arena 67, where Da Fei was at! There was an abnormal change in this arena. Although this abnormality was evident in all the arenas in the Chinese server, it was completely incomparable to the hundreds of people in Arena 67 combined against one person!

When the CCTV officer in charge of China reported the situation to his superiors, all the planners were shocked! This completely went against the original intention of the competition!

Although the gaming standards of Chinese players were generally amateurish, they were recognized as the best in the world, and that was to find bugs and loopholes! No matter what game it was, as long as Chinese players participated, it would not take long for Chinese players to invent all sorts of godly playstyles that were above the rules of the game. This was quite a test of the game planner and programmer's standards. Therefore, there were veteran gamers who lamented that if Chinese players could use their intelligence and wisdom to work hard to improve their competitive standards, it would not be a dream for Chinese eSports to defeat Korea.

And now, the Chinese players were using this publicly announced number to cheat!

Originally, the competition venue number was to facilitate the monitoring staff to record it and also to facilitate media reports and interviews. But now, Hero Headquarters had no choice but to temporarily patch up the global system online, preventing players from seeing the number!

The management of the game might be a pain in the ass, but it was impossible for Da Fei to suffer! Da Fei realized that his situation was very critical.

Although Da Fei also wanted to shout back in the world channel, "My coordinates (2311, 1812, 1), I can understand it, but I can't understand it." Let's see which ordinary players are willing to follow?

To Da Fei, who had a bank account worth two million, it was a piece of cake for him to shout in the World Channel. However, the problem was that there was no money in Da Fei's account shop at all. The last time Da Fei charged, he had spent 1,000 yuan to buy some Potion Washing and swore that this was the last time he would charge. Now, he had to spend another few minutes to charge for the sake of shouting. In just a few minutes, the other party had already formed a team and he was destroyed!

Besides, I'm the number one person in China. If I shout at this nameless person on the global channel, wouldn't I be boosting others' morale and diminishing my own prestige? Wouldn't that make me seem like I'm afraid of you? It's clearly you weaklings who are afraid of me!

The plan now was to end the battle quickly!

Since this Royal Starry Sky was able to set up the world channel, it must be a rich player. Even a rich player only had this little strength. Why would he care about other ordinary players? He did not even need the Phantom Marching. If he met one, he would kill one instantly. Before they gathered, he would get 10 kills. Hence, Da Fei also quickly advanced towards the coordinates of the Royal Blade.

Not long after, another red dot appeared on Da Fei's radar. Another target appeared! Alright, the second head is yours!

Da Fei hurriedly intercepted him. He had to admit that this was the strategic advantage of the Godly Reconnaissance Skill!

By the time the enemy heard the rustling sounds of the forest and became alert, it was already too late. The rain of javelins and bullets whistled through the gaps between the trees! In a single exchange, the Level 3 Forest Hunters, anemic player named Ice Point Starcloud, were completely wiped out before they could even draw their bows and counterattack!

However, it was not over yet! At the very least, he could still do one thing—escape!

"Da Fei, kill me!" He screamed and started running away!

I'm hot! How could I lose my head? Da Fei hurriedly chased after him. Then, the other party disappeared into the bushes.

What the heck! My head flew off! Da Fei finally realized the problem. His maximum movement speed in the forest was only 9! I'm hot! It's obvious that I have a Speed Cloak! The army has always been the one dragging the hero down. I'm the one dragging the army down. Is my part-time ranger fake?

There was no other way. This was the difference between different races and occupations under different terrain. Da Fei could not catch up to the Elf player even if he did not slow down. He could only find other players.

— World Channel [Ice Point Nebula]: I've been crippled by Da Fei. Da Fei's coordinates (2211, 974, 1), Da Fei's target, you know!

Ah! Da Fei burst out laughing! Are you kidding me? I can even set up the world channel when I meet two of them? What's wrong with me? I won the World Championships because I won glory for the country. You don't want me to make it, right? You're selling your country!

Da Fei made up his mind. "In order to bring glory to our country, I'm going to start a massacre!"

Da Fei got closer to his target. Suddenly, a red dot appeared on Da Fei's radar. Then, this red dot flashed and disappeared!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! There is an enemy ambush nearby!

Oh my! He actually met a peer! This fellow's reconnaissance skills aren't low. He seems to be a Grandmaster? F*ck, the China region is really full of hidden talents! Alright, I'll start with you on the second head!

• • •

Sword East was lying in ambush in the jungle. According to the coordinates provided by the world channel, he deduced that this was definitely the path Da Fei had to take. He wanted to kill Da Fei alone to redeem himself and make a name for himself. He had even uploaded a video.

Who was Sword from the East? It was the previous Sword from the West! After the incident with Florin, Sword from the West bore a huge amount of infamy and humiliation. In a moment of dizziness, he went offline and deleted his account.

Then, after resting for a day, he realized that it was too late for regrets. What was the point of deleting his account? He did not even have the qualifications to create a discussion on the forum. Everyone's attention was still on Da Fei or Da Fei! His heroic act of deleting his account to prove his innocence was ignored by others. Who would care about a small foot color?

That was why he wasn't convinced. He wanted to start all over again. Sword from the West was a newbie who didn't know how to make a proper account. He didn't have a clear goal, but even so, he still obtained a fortuitous encounter. The new Sword from the East had to have a clear goal, and that was revenge. Elven rangers with strong PK abilities were still the first choice!

Then there was archery, which was a must-have skill for rangers. After that, Reconnaissance Skill could both discover enemies and hide oneself. After that was Luck Skill. His previous account had discovered hidden quests and obtained a Hidden Class Skill when he changed jobs, so he wanted to replicate the success of his previous account. In short, he had planned the development route before level 30 after creating his new account. Then, he worked hard day and night to achieve it.

However, the Class Advancement mission this time was different. He did not replicate the previous success and accidentally triggered the Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill information!

He was overjoyed! The Grandmaster-level skill was much better than the hidden skill, and its applicability was even greater! Hence, under his continuous research and contemplation, he finally successfully advanced to Reconnaissance Skill Grandmaster!

The moment he advanced, Yi Donglai let out a long breath of turbid air, as if all the humiliation had been washed away! The sky was so blue, and the air was so fresh! His entire body was filled with energy!

Not long after, with the help of the Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill, he completed another extremely difficult Thief mission in the Druid Guild and obtained 10 very special troops, Dark Night Druids! They were more than one level higher than normal Druids and almost reached the level of a Rank 6 Weapon. What was even more heaven-defying was that these Druids had Stealth abilities! This was totally a power soldier tailor-made for him! With such a strong soldier, what high-level mission was he unable to complete? Endless beautiful future was waving at him!

However, Da Fei was also constantly improving. Da Fei caused a sensation all over the world during the Kingdom War. Da Fei had recruited another beautiful sub-hero. Da Fei instantly killed someone in the arena. Da Fei killed a Demigod!

There were some things like this. Comparing oneself to others would drive one mad. No matter how unwilling he was, he had to face reality and admit the difference. Yi Donglai felt that there was something wrong with his mentality. This was completely making things difficult for him. Thus, he spent a very long time adjusting his mentality.

But today, when Da Fei happened to be in the same arena as him, the silent heart of revenge of Yi Donglai once again burned fiercely! He was no longer the same person as before!

Now, Sword from the East was quietly waiting, but his heart was already surging with excitement! As long as Da Fei appeared, he would definitely be discovered by him. At that time, the 10 Dark Night Druids that he had laid in ambush would suddenly attack. One round of focus fire would be able to kill any player, and Da Fei was no exception! Then, he would become famous overnight and become famous in the world!

Suddenly, a red light flashed in front of Eastern Sword!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! Enemies have appeared near you!

Donglai was suddenly delighted. He appeared? Where?

— System Message: You were attacked by "Da Fei"!

— System Message: Your Dark Night Druid troops were attacked by Da Fei and were completely wiped out!

In that instant, Sword from the East was stunned! Before he could check where Da Fei was, everything went black!

— System Message: You were killed by Da Fei. The battle has ended. You have been eliminated from the preliminaries. You have obtained 1 Battle Net Point. Thank you for participating. Keep up the good work next time.

The scene changed, and Sword from the East returned to the City of Ellorine. He had yet to come back to his senses! I was killed by Da Fei? How did he discover me? I'm a Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill! Could it be that he's a God-level Reconnaissance Skill? Impossible! Absolutely impossible! It's already incredible for players to comprehend a Grandmaster now. How could they possibly comprehend a God-level skill? How difficult is it to comprehend a Grandmaster? Those players who have not reached the level of a Grandmaster will never be able to understand it!

It's a divine artifact! It must be a divine artifact! If he killed a Demigod, the divine artifact would definitely drop. He relied on a divine artifact to defeat me!

At the thought that his target of revenge was a guy who had killed a Demigod, Yi Jian Donglai finally came back to his senses. 'What am I doing? Ha, hahaha!' Yi Jian Donglai shook his head and let out a long sigh. "Go and do your mission…"