Chapter 248: The One Who Can'T Be Killed Is The Most Awesome

Phoenix Feather was a rather famous player during the open beta, but his name was different from now. During the open beta, he had stolen a treasure, stolen a boss, and created a team wipeout. He had killed too many people and had too many enemies. Of course, he also had many secrets.

When the game was officially launched, he changed his name to his current name, meaning that he had been reborn from the ashes and his realm had increased. He wanted to develop peacefully in the early stages and digest the secret strategy that he had obtained during the open beta.

Under normal circumstances, Elf players only had two Hero jobs, Wanderer and Druid. The advantage of the Druid job was that the consumption of mana by using Lightning Spell would decrease by about 15%. Why was Druid so awesome? This question was like asking why Apple landed on the ground. Was this how awesome the game settings were? If the apple didn't fall, would it still fall?

It was impossible to become an expert just by thinking like that.

Phoenix Feather had grasped this question during the open beta. She went to the NPC mentors of the Druid guild and asked them about research and missions. Finally, she discovered the secret that Druids were proficient in lightning. She also successfully took on the job of a hidden class, "Lightning Summoner"! Class specialty: Titan's Thunder.

— Lightning Summoner: Druids who are proficient in the mysteries of lightning are better at controlling lightning than ordinary Mages. Every time the hero rises a level, the Lightning Summoner profession provides 1 additional knowledge.

When Da Fei took on the role of a Voyager, he thought of himself as a dual-professional Godly Hero. He was awesome. The Phoenix's Feather took on the role of Thunder Caller, which complemented his main profession. One could imagine how conceited he was! If he wasn't the world's number one, who was? The day he left the mountain would be the day he became the world champion and received a $10 million prize!

During his seclusion, a player named Da Fei became famous in the China server.

He was probably also someone who killed others to get his hands on treasures. He seemed to be the same type of person as himself. However, there were many people who harmed others and benefited themselves, but how many of them actually had a good ending? Those without strength would fall more miserably the higher they stood. This was the difference between him and himself. Phoenix Feather smiled indifferently and continued leveling up to complete the quest.

After that, this Da Fei became more active. He even killed a Demigod and was even secretly regarded as the number one person in the China server!

This made Feather of the Phoenix very unhappy! Don't ask why, being unhappy means being unhappy! Of course, there were also many people who were unhappy with Da Fei. In short, Feather of the Phoenix vowed that as long as there was a chance to meet Da Fei, she would step on him! Reason? No reason!

And now, in this qualifiers, Phoenix Feather actually met Da Fei!

Actually, the best choice for Phoenix Feather, who did not bring any troops with him, was to sit on the mountain and watch the tigers fight. However, in life, sometimes it was just to have a clear mind. Phoenix Feather felt that if he did not step on Da Fei now, he would regret it for a few years! Especially when Da Fei was praised so highly by others. When he stepped on Da Fei when he was bragging so highly, that feeling was really not ordinary.

Thus, he decisively took action.

Now, Feather of the Phoenix looked down at Da Fei's troops fleeing in the forest and smiled coldly. "I'm born with Lightning Proficiency. Not only can I blow up far away, but I can also save mana. Not to mention that my Lightning Summoner adds knowledge to each level. I have so much mana that I can't use it all. How long can your Priest last? Haha!"

With that said, he waved his hand again and another bolt of lightning struck down!

• • •

At this moment, Da Fei was fleeing in the forest. Lightning flashed in the sky, and another bolt of lightning struck down!

— System Message: Contestant “Feather of the Phoenix” cast the Destruction Spell“ Lightning Summoning” on your troops! Your Illusionary Legion suffered damage and disappeared!

"What the f*ck! Is there an end to this!" Da Fei cursed angrily and continued shouting at Alicia. "Continue the Illusion Legion!"

That's right! Da Fei was no fool. How could he use healing to deal damage? The cost of healing was always greater than damage. Hence, Da Fei was using the Illusionary Legion as cannon fodder now. He had already blocked three attacks in a row! If not for the fact that Summoning Mist had little effect in places without water, Da Fei would rather use it as a habit.

With her god-level Arcana Technique, it would be easy for her to cast the Illusionary Legion. Not to mention that she had the divine staff and the 6,000 to 7,000 magic power reserves she had obtained from digesting Leviathan's soul. I don't believe that I can't defeat you! Don't let me find you, idiot!

Now, the entire chat group exploded. "Who is this! He keeps chasing after Da Fei! He's too awesome!"

Da Fei gritted his teeth in anger! Those who could not be killed were the most awesome! Do you know anything!

The royal Blade was overjoyed. "Da Fei has been pulled into combat mode and cannot go into Stealth anymore. The Elven players are surrounding him and preparing to intercept him! All the team members are chasing him at full speed. He can't escape!"

Da Fei was so anxious that he broke out in cold sweat! Although he was awesome, his top priority was still to find and kill this Phoenix Feather. Only then would he be able to escape from the battle state and use Stealth Move! The problem was, where was he hiding? Why was he able to attack wherever he went?

Da Fei once again deeply felt the powerlessness of the Godly Reconnaissance Skill in the forest. As an expert in jungle warfare, it was impossible for the Elves to experience such a troublesome situation!

Reconnaissance Eagle! That's right! My Blood Eagle Flute!

As the Spirit Eagle soared into the sky, Da Fei's vision widened again. In that instant, the densely packed red dots appeared on the radar!

F*ck! As expected, it was because his vision was limited! Just like what Anlicia had said, a small trick could break a big skill. If a God-level Reconnaissance Skill encountered a blind spell, it would be useless!

He saw it! There was a red dot near him. F*ck! He could actually stand on top of a tree! This was the first time he saw it. This was a God-grade skill? No wonder he was so happy when he blasted him. He would destroy him!

Da Fei immediately changed direction and charged towards the Phoenix's Feather!

Phoenix Feather, who was happily blasting on the tree branch, was suddenly startled. Eh? He’s finally discovered me? Hehe, no matter what method he used, he’s not as bad as I thought! But how long can you last?

Phoenix Feather coolly waved her hand and released another bolt of lightning. Then, with another teleportation, she flew towards another tree not far away. Then, she gave a scornful smile. “Chase?”

Da Fei was stunned by his teleportation skill! He could not see it, but he would not be able to catch up to it. What the heck! This is really an expert among experts! Is he a professional player?

Very good! Very good! You're awesome, you're great, you cheat on the tree! Then I won't be polite anymore. I won't run anymore. I have 250 level 4 soldiers. I'll fight against the lightning in the sky! I want to fight!