Chapter 242: The Star Of Tomorrow For Korean Esports

Seoul University Road, South Korea, far away from the busy cultural art street. Emon Tea Club, the training base of the world's "unknown" professional Korean e-sports team "," taazuyou ".

Of course, the reason why they were "unknown" wasn't because this team's standards weren't high enough, but because the level of professional eSports in Korea was too high. Any pro player didn't need any achievements to qualify to play the main roster of any country's main team. Thus, Korean eSports was a golden signboard, and there was no need to remember the name of any team that was as numerous as a cow's hair.

And this unknown teahouse, Tatazu, had a very special position among the Korean professional teams. It was a school that "did not specialize" in training professional players!

At the same time, in the elegant tea room, the three coaches, Cui Yonghao, Jin Xiyong, and Park Dongxun, were enjoying their tea while watching the live video of the European Union's top player, V, battling the British professional players on the Warren Strait.

Although the three of them were coaches, they were actually not more than 25 or 6 years old. They were the dazzling stars of the Korean e-sports scene in the past. They were once the absolute kings of the e-sports scene. Of course, their current standards were the same. It was just that as coaches, they had faded out of the first tier.

In South Korea, e-sports was a national sport and also a project supported by the country. The professional selection system of e-sports athletes was as perfect as the professional football system. If they played well, they would be high-income celebrities, and they would be the idols of young boys and girls. It was completely different from the national situation in China where they needed treatment if they played well.

It was precisely because the treatment of the Korean professional players was extremely high that the competition was also very intense. The entry requirements were also very high, and the strictness of it was about the same as that of the Qiyuan. As for the Qiyuan, in everyone's mind, those who could be selected were all prodigies with amazing computational ability, right?

That's right, Korean esports basically used the style of the Qiyuan to choose their players. Therefore, the Korean players' computational ability was astonishing. For example, in a battle strategy game, as long as a Korean player took a glance at your base, he would be able to calculate how many troops you would have in a few minutes!

All in all, Korean players entered the industry between the ages of 15 and 18. They would reach their peak at 20-22 years old. After 22 years old, they would no longer be in various states and would no longer be ready to retire. As for those who could still maintain their status, those who were able to make a name for themselves on social media were usually trainers after 24 years old.

Now, these three coaches were watching the video of Big V with interest, cheering from time to time. The standard of these three people in the Korean e-sports world could only be described as "Transcendent State". People called them "Three Absolutes". In the entire world of e-sports, there was not a single active player that caught their eyes, only Big V's eyes. It was not because of Big V's skills, but because of Big V's evergreen heart.

That's right. To top experts, the passing of a hero was a very sad thing. They wanted to learn the secrets of eternal vitality from the VIP. Of course, they also knew that there were some things that they would never be able to learn. Rather than saying that they were learning, it would be more accurate to say that they were enjoying themselves in a relaxed mood. The feeling of watching the VIP fight was completely different from watching those little kids play games.

Finally, in the video on the wall, the main character once again cleverly and naturally used the NPCs to win the battle. The players of the Dark Alliance cheered in the video.

Cui Yonghao clapped his hands and chuckled. "Natural is indeed a steady rock. I really want to fight him again."

Cui Yonghao, game ID, Stone Buddha. This was his nickname when he was a first-tier pro player. It meant that his mental fortitude, facial expression, and expression were as stable as a stone Buddha. Back then, he was a serious player. When he was a coach, he would often laugh and call himself Maitreya.

Jin Xiyong laughed, “He’s not old, we’re really getting old.”

Jin Xiyong, gaming ID, nickname given to him when he was a coach. He was also a famous South Korean movie comedian. Jin Xiyong was good at using all sorts of funny tricks to win students' laughter and tears. His skill level was so high and his tactics were so weird that it was hard to look straight at him.

Park Dong-hoon shook his head. "No, he's an amateur player now. Like us, we can meet him on the battlefield."

Park Dong-hoon, game ID, Dragon's Gall. This was also his nickname. It meant that he had astonishing courage and dared to use many seemingly inconceivable military risks. If one didn't know that he was competing, anyone would think that he was a layman rookie messing around. In reality, the only difference between him and a rookie was that all of his actions were carefully calculated by his computer-like brain.

Cui Yonghao frowned at the mention of the Kingdom War. "Although our country is not afraid of any opponents, the Kingdom War is a test of our country's overall strength, especially China and Japan. We must not lose to them."

Jin Xiyong smiled faintly and said, "Although the Chinese players are amateurs, they have displayed astonishing organizational abilities in the previous war. This is something to be taken seriously."

Park Dong-sun laughed heartily. “Since our national team has chosen the Astrals as the main attackers, we should be prepared to fight with the lesser of the two. Let them worry about us. I feel like I’ve been quite active during this period of time, and I’ve made some big moves.”

Jin Xiyong smiled and said, “If Ri’s goal is to eliminate the NPCs from the Light Faction, then I really must express my admiration for their long-term strategy.”

Cui Yonghao shook his head. "Ri is the closest to the Americans. We can't rule out the possibility that Ri himself can obtain the strategy through an internal channel."

Right at this moment, the door of the tearoom was hastily knocked, and the excited shouts of “Teacher! Teacher!” came from outside.

Jin Xiyong sighed. “How rude. Come in!”

Clang! The door opened immediately and three 14, 15-year-old teenagers came in. "Teacher, we're very polite! We're knocking."

Hong Xiuying, Zhao Shizhe, and Li Yinzhu were the three coaches' most prized disciples. They were prodigies with an IQ of 160 and above, the star of Korean e-sports. The female disciple, Li Yinzhu, was especially beautiful and was a popular candidate for the next e-sports queen. However, it was precisely because the three of them were too dazzling the moment they debuted that it was not beneficial to the growth of the young players' hearts. Therefore, the three coaches specially hid them away for further training.

Cui Yonghao pulled a long face. "Xiuying, what is it?"

A youth said excitedly, "Teacher, the latest news from the American Hero Headquarters is that the first episode of the Global Hero ziyoupk competition will be held in a week. The competition will be registered in the game. We can participate too!"

The three coaches were stunned.

Cui Yonghao was surprised. "A competition in a week? Without prior notice? Isn't this too rushed?"

Park Dong-sun sighed, “It must be for the sake of promoting the opening of the South American server in the Southeast Asia region twenty days from now. They must have used the competition’s prize money to attract more players to join them.”

Jin Xiyong sighed and said, "Yeah, this game's business vibe is too strong." Then, he chuckled. "But I like it!"

Park Dong-sun asked a teenager, "Shizhe, what are the rules of the competition?"

The young man said excitedly, "Of course it's an indiscriminate competition. The rules are that there are no rules. If a level 20 player meets a level 30 player, he's unlucky!"

Another youth laughed. "It's only fun when a level 20 kills a level 30!"

The three coaches nodded.

Jin Xiyong waved his hand. “Got it. You guys go train harder.”

The girl said with a smile, "Teacher, don't you plan on placing any expectations on us?"

Jin Xiyong let out a dry cough and said, “Expectations? I hope that when you are defeated by foreign experts, you will not cry so much that your snot has stained your helmet.”

The three young men and women laughed out loud. "Even our teacher would lose to us if he wasn't careful. There's no need to think about the experts from other countries. Let's take first place and show our teacher! Wahahaha!" Amidst their laughter, the three of them jumped for joy.

Jin Xiyong smiled bitterly and shook his head. He stood up and closed the door that they had forgotten to close. “I really can’t do anything to them!”

Cui Yonghao sighed and said, "I do hope that they can lose a match! Sometimes, losing can learn more than winning."

Park Dong-sun sighed, “When we first debuted, there was still a huge suppression. I have to admit that this suppression is beneficial to the growth of newcomers. But to them, losing to their seniors is only natural, and it won’t improve their mental state. I urgently hope that they can lose to their peers.”

Cui Yonghao sighed and said, "It's a pity that no one of the same age can beat them."

Jin Xiyong smiled bitterly and said, "Then we can lose to amateur players!"

The other two did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Amateur player? How is that possible—"

Suddenly, the three of them trembled!

Cui Yonghao's face twitched. "Maybe there really is an amateur player who is very strong?"

Jin Xiyong’s eyelids twitched. “If it was a competition with no rules, I might not have the confidence to defeat him.”

With a solemn voice, Park Dongxun replied, “We don’t have much information on him. Even the Chinese don’t know much about him.”

Cui Yonghao chuckled. "I want to participate too!"

The other two laughed, “Let’s go together!”