Chapter 240: Leviathan'S Egg

Da Fei could completely conclude that this hidden dungeon was a high-end dungeon. After all, under normal circumstances, it was impossible for players to come here without at least level 50 or 60. They definitely could not beat it, so they could only take a tour and record a video to familiarize themselves with the way to clear the dungeon. Of course, if they still had the leisure to come here in the future.

Furthermore, Da Fei's Godly Reconnaissance Skill had the ability to travel.

Now, Da Fei was also wearing a thick, smooth, and greasy diving suit with a glass can on his head and an air can on his back. It had to be said that this was a science fiction element in a fantasy game.

After the preparations were done, Da Fei followed the diver into the sea. Then, he saw a huge skeleton buried deep in the sea. More than ten divers were busy tying the skeleton's ribs with ropes.

What the heck! Looking at the situation, this general's appetite is not small. Is he going to drag the entire skeleton back?

Not long after he dived, Da Fei's HP began to drop rapidly from -1 to -1! Then, it started to drop -2, -2! What the heck, hurry up! I only have less than 300 HP. Although I'm awesome among normal players of the same level, how many seconds can I last here? This is indeed a high-end dungeon. Low-level players with anemia won't even be able to reach the bottom of the sea! Not only that, I probably won't be able to bring the regular troops down!

After waiting for the diver to lead the way, Da Fei anxiously descended. He saw the huge dragon head that looked like a house. It was the Instance Dungeon Space Door symbol.

— System Message: Are you going to use the key to the Leviathan Nest to enter the hidden dungeon space?

Hurry up and enter!

The scene changed, and Da Fei appeared in a huge cave with sparkling crystals. In the middle of the cave was a sparkling lake. All kinds of colorful magic rays weaved into magic ribbons and danced in the crystal cave. This was indeed the nest of Leviathan, high-end and classy!

At this moment, a large group of Marsh Inkspewers appeared on the shore. Without looking, Da Fei immediately went into Stealth mode.

That’s right, Merfolk! The difference between Merfolk was like the difference between heaven and earth. Merfolk were a high-end race in the Sea Realm, beautiful and noble. As for Merfolk, they were indeed a type of upright frog that was half the size of a human. They were intelligent, fierce, cowardly, cunning, and loyal. They were a slave race favored by the Sea Realm and were rumored to be a Level 0 soldier of the Sea Realm. They were also widely distributed in the southern marshes of the Orc Kingdom.

However, a Level 0 soldier did not mean that the other party was as weak as the farmers. On the contrary, the strength of the maritime forces in the water could not be distinguished by the standards of ground troops. For example, sharks, the most commonly seen fish in the sea, had combat strength equivalent to a Level 6 soldier in the ground troops. And sharks could not even be ranked as a Level 1 soldier in the maritime world. They could only be considered summoned beasts!

If the Marsh Inkspewers and farmers had anything in common as Level 0 soldiers, it was production. In short, the Surface World and the Sea Realm were on completely different planes.

Similarly, the cunning part of the fishmen was that they usually wouldn't fight you on the shore. They would jump into the water at the slightest sign of trouble and then mutter provocatively as if saying, "Come down if you have the guts!"

And now, not only were there murlocs patrolling on the shore, but there were also murlocs patrolling in the lake. The speed of the murlocs in the water was really as fast as frogs. And these murlocs were indeed at the level of humans, obviously elites. The difficulty of this dungeon was obviously that the players had to fight against the unknown number of Elite murlocs.

The scene was very simple and clear. The tickets were a huge loss! As an expert, such things were absolutely not allowed!

Da Fei took off the air tank on his back and equipped himself with the long-awaited C-level Strategy Treasure, "Cliff Walker". He transformed into Spiderman again!

That's right. This thing was not very useful to the army, but to the players, it was definitely a divine weapon! Da Fei had relied on it to infiltrate the Demon Race's enemies and complete an impossible feat under normal circumstances. Your land and water paths could stop me, but I came from the sky!

Swoosh! A strand of spider silk shot into the sky and stuck to the top of the cave, and then it withdrew with a swoosh before sticking to the top of the cave with a shadow.

Hence, Da Fei flew all the way to the top of the cave and climbed up the steel wire to the surface of the lake. When Da Fei looked down, he gasped. Not only were there murlocs, there were also three sea monsters! Could it be the legendary multi-headed snake? How could players fight against it? In short, they took pictures and videos.

Da Fei came to the center of the lake and saw a golden egg! The egg's name was "Leviathan's Egg"!

— Leviathan's Egg: Military unit, able to hatch a level-eight creature, Leviathan. Special mission item, dropped upon death.

Da Fei was so shocked that his eyelids twitched! Although he had already guessed that there were eggs in this dungeon, he did not expect it to really exist. Not only did it exist, but players could also take it away! The words "unit of soldiers" and "mission item" were proof!

What the heck, this Lair Dungeon is really meant to send high-level soldiers to the players! If I have a Leviathan, I will have an additional underwater protection when I go out to sea in the future! If the sea monsters dare to come to my Water Surface Cannon, the underwater Leviathan will release the black water if I can't defeat them. I'm awesome!

The problem was, the problem was, what the heck! Da Fei could not stay calm anymore. Why did he have to let him see it? Why did he have to come here for a holiday! If he had known this would happen, he would not have been bothered if he did not see it. The most painful thing to play a game was to have a divine weapon in front of you. You could see it but you could not take it away!

Wait! Can I just drop down from the sky and take the egg away at lightning speed? The problem is that once I die, I will definitely drop it! Can I bounce into the sky before the guards react?

Tsk! Since I'm already here, I'll give it a try even if I die!

Da Fei took a deep breath and started to carefully calculate the cooldown time for the Cliffwalker. After the Cliffwalker spat out the spider silk, it had to wait for a short period of time before it could be retracted. Hence, Da Fei had to start spraying it in mid-air. Then, he would drop into the water, retrieve the egg, and fly into the sky!

Ready! One, two, three! Jump!

A shadow fell from the ceiling of the cave! When it fell into the air, a spider silk shot out!

— Plop! A splash broke the silence of the dungeon. Da Fei fell into the lake!

— System Message: Your Stealth mode has disappeared!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! You have entered a powerful enemy's alert range!

At that moment, all the fishmen and water monsters on the shore turned to look at the waves!

What the f*ck! Da Fei used the speed of his descent to cut through the water. Did this happen?!

Da Fei felt a few huge black shadows swimming towards him. Da Fei gritted his teeth and ignored everything! He was close! The golden egg was right in front of him! At this moment, Da Fei saw something strange underwater!

There's a Dharma Array under the egg! Are there magic light beams charging towards the Dharma Array? Da Fei glanced sideways. Sure enough, at the bottom of the lake around the egg, a few merfolk were waving their bone weapons to control a Dharma Array. It was these Dharma Arrays that were sending magic light to the Dharma Array in the middle of the egg.

Holy f*ck! Could it be that the Sealed Egg's magic circle could not be taken away? Could it be that the players had to destroy those magic circles as well? I knew that high-end dungeons would not be so simple! F*ck!

At this moment, the golden egg reached him!

— System Message: You received Leviathan's egg!

Da Fei's heart trembled! He got it! He could still take it! At this moment, a huge shadow shrouded Da Fei!

— Cut!!!

Bam! There was a sound of water. Da Fei shot up into the sky like a rocket. In that instant, Da Fei felt a few waves of water pressure pressing down on him! Da Fei closed his eyes! Will this do!

— System Message: You successfully dodged the attack of Elite Three-Headed Snake Guard!

Oh yeah!

— Splash! There was a splash! Da Fei broke through the water and soared into the sky!

Brother, it's out! Wahahaha! But it's not over yet!

At this moment, the dungeon's sharp murloc horn sounded. Countless murlocs swarmed out from some hole. The entire lake and the shore were filled with murlocs. There were thousands of them! What the heck, this meant that players would have to fight these murlocs head-on if they wanted to enter this dungeon under normal circumstances! How many players who mainly cultivated magic did this? Alright, now that I've taken them down, I won't help my descendants anymore.

In front of my Godly Reconnaissance Skill, I will leave even if there are ten million people!

Da Fei carefully climbed on top of the cave and then returned to the dungeon entrance. He picked up the Air Can again and stepped out of the dungeon without hesitation! Did I succeed? Did I succeed just like that?

Only when the scene changed and the cold seawater pressed down on him did Da Fei confirm that he had really succeeded! At this moment, there was a ding!

— System Message: You obtained Leviathan's Egg in an incomplete way and received the mission "Leviathan's Rage"!

— Mission Hint: The mother of Leviathan can feel the call of the hatchling. The angry Leviathan will look for the hatchling!

What? F*cking mission! What do you mean by incomplete method? Holy f*ck! Does that mean I have to destroy that spirit design under normal circumstances? Holy f*ck, I told you it wouldn't be that easy!

Of course, now was not the time to think too much. It was not over yet! As his HP continued to drop, Da Fei desperately paddled out of the water. Instantly, the crowd cheered. "The warrior is out!"

Barto, Anlicia, Serbia, and the other wives all came forward to offer their condolences.

Barto burst out laughing. “You must have gained something, my friend?”

If he encountered trouble, he would have to ask the NPCs! Da Fei shivered and nodded. He took out a golden egg that was half the height of a human from his bag and said in a deep voice, "Leviathan's egg! But I'm in trouble. This egg seems to be able to contact the mother!" Only then did Da Fei realize that the egg had become red-named!

The crowd exclaimed.

Barto was shocked. "Friend, you've really gotten yourself into big trouble. However—" Barto placed his ear on the egg and chuckled. "But this egg is too young. There are no signs of life. Anyway, friend, you still have time. You'll definitely be able to find a way to tame it."

Da Fei said in surprise, "Tame?" That's right, it has to be done! This egg is a red name!

Barto frowned and said with uncertainty, "It's said that when the duck swan hatches, it will recognize the first creature it sees as its mother. It's probably this kind of creature. I believe that my friend has a bright future ahead of him. It's not a problem to solve this egg."

That's true! The reason why I have time is probably because the game is too advanced. I'm the best player in the world who stole the egg single-handedly, yet I can't even handle an egg?

Da Fei's confidence skyrocketed. "That's right! There's nothing I can't handle!"

Barto laughed out loud. "That's right. All high-level sea monsters' incubation pools must be rich in nutrients, minerals, and magic power. That's why Leviathan chose the dragon's corpse as the incubation pool. Ordinary seawater won't do, so you have to find a good place. Also, to prevent any accidents, it's best to find the inland lake where the mother of Leviathan isn't easy to find."

So that's how it is! Doesn't I have a good place? The Pool of Light! It's so full of light energy that can revive the dead! And it's underground. It's impossible for me to find it, right? F*ck, this is a mythical beast destined to be mine! I'm awesome!

Da Fei laughed out loud. "Thank you for your guidance, General. I will definitely settle this egg properly."

Bartow smiled and said, "Friend, I have faith in you!"

At this moment, a dwarf soldier reported, "General, the floating barrel is ready!"

Barto laughed and waved his hand. "Put the buckets in!"

“Release the buckets!” As the fishing boats shouted in unison, the water at the bottom of the sea surged and a large amount of sand instantly covered the entire sea!

— "Fishing successful!"

Barto said excitedly, "Hang him!"

With the help of the mechanical arms, the huge dragon skeleton emerged from the sea, and the entire fleet cheered!

Barto laughed. "Don't be happy too early. Drag him back!"