Chapter 256: Return Of The Dark Sea

Sometimes the answer is simple, but the process of getting it is difficult.

Now that he had a God-grade weapon, a scar from breaking through the encirclement, and Unrivaled Luck's firepower, he seemed to have all the conditions to escape. If he could not even escape from this, then there was no other way. The first thing Da Fei did was to take a private jet to the Chinese Hero Proxy Headquarters in the Imperial Capital to smash the glass.

Now, all the navy members were on board and in their positions. The fleet also moved to Giant Mouth's scar and took aim, waiting for orders. Da Fei started to check the special skill attributes of the divine weapon:

Maelstrom Space Door: A Maelstrom Space Door that leads to other worlds can only be used at sea.

So that was how it was. The equipment that could open the Dimension Portal was definitely top-grade equipment. It was worthy of the title of God-grade equipment. There was nothing else to say now. Break out!

The Ballista of the fleet sounded, and the loud reverberations echoed in the void again!

"Ah… it hurts!" The siren moaned. "Alright, mortal, you win!"

Da Fei was ecstatic. I'm awesome! I'm going to escape again! Wahahaha!

The siren continued, "You wrote the perfect ending for my script. You are indeed the second person to be cursed by the Sea God after the Odyssey. Something fell when the Odyssey left last time. I don't need it, so I'll give it to you!"

— System Message: You received "Odyssey's Golden Sheepskin Scroll"!

You're giving me something? This sea monster is loyal! Da Fei was overjoyed when he found a shiny golden scroll in his bag!

— Odyssey's Voyager's Golden Sheepskin Scroll: A scroll that records the experience of drifting on the Odyssey for ten years. After using it, it can increase the Voyager's level limit by + 1.

Da Fei was shocked! Level upper limit + 1? Can I directly break through to the God-level? What the heck, that's impossible, right? I only obtained the information about the God-level skill when I obtained the Book of Destruction from that Sheer!

The siren laughed and said, "I don't know what level Odyssey's Nautical Skill is at in this era. In his era, there was no concept of Nautical Skills or Voyagers at all. However, in his era when ships fell behind, he did something that even modern people could not do. In my opinion, he should be a God-grade, right? So, mortal, cherish this scroll! He will definitely be able to save you, a mortal with limited lifespan, a few decades of detours!"

Da Fei was stunned! He could actually directly break through to the God-level! This was too awesome! However, the prerequisite was that he had to become a Grandmaster Voyager!

"Alright, stop fighting! The show is over!"

The surface of the water began to violently shake, and the sea monster slightly opened its huge mouth. The deep sea water roared as it surged in, and the air in the giant mouth seemed to be sucked out in an instant. The suffocating pressure of death instantly pressed down on everyone’s chest, making it difficult to breathe! This was the feeling of being in the deep sea!

Da Fei was so scared that his face turned pale! So, he wanted to kill me just because he wanted to! This was the power of a Demigod! Unlike his clone Skila, this Whirlpool Sea Demon was definitely his true self! This was an existence that mortals could not defeat! In front of it, he could only act as a drama actor!

Da Fei held the crystal ball tightly in his hand and immediately activated his skill!

In that instant, the crystal ball erupted with a dazzling light that illuminated the giant mouth. The seawater around the fleet instantly formed a huge whirlpool!

"Let me give you one last sentence. You will be sent to the Sea of Underworld by the Turbo Crystal. That place is not under the control of the God of the Underworld, nor is it under the control of the Sea God. I won't tell you that I don't even know who is in charge of that place and how to return to the Surface World from there. May the epic of the Odyssey guide you on the way back!"

Holy f*ck! Was it really that bad?

— Boom! A loud sound! Amidst the huge shockwave, the scene changed! There was another loud sound of water, and a gray world appeared in front of Da Fei!

A silver moon in the sky! Dark Sea, I'm back!

— System Message: You have successfully passed the demigod Kalubudis' test. You received + 5,000,000 EXP! Your Voyager level has been upgraded to Expert-level! Expert-level Voyager has an additional 1 Free Attribute Point bonus for every 2 levels. You have received 6 Expert-level Voyager bonus attribute points! (Note: Advanced Voyager has an additional 1 point every 3 levels. Da Fei is already Level 34 and has an additional 11 points. Now, there should be an additional 17 points. Adding 6 points.)

— System Message: Cortner successfully passed the test of Demigod Kalubudis. Cortner's Voyager level has been upgraded to Intermediate!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Elecia, has successfully completed the test of Voyager and officially advanced to Junior Voyager!

— System Message: You have defeated the Demigod Kalubudis and obtained the achievement "Dance with God." Your Health Points + 50, all sub-heroes' Health Points + 50, your Command Power + 50, all sub-heroes' Command Power + 50, Army Morale + 1, Army Health + 1.

— System Message: You have successfully defeated a Demigod. Do you want to announce it publicly on the World Channel? Public announcement will earn 1,000 Reputation points!

• • •

Looking at the large row of system messages, Da Fei was in a daze for a while! Life was like a dream!

This was the reward for defeating a Demigod? Not only had he obtained the sheepskin scroll, but he had also leveled up as a Voyager! Even Alicia, who should have been certified by Markal as a Voyager, had completed the mission! Then, he had to heal his entire family, and his whole family had to work harder! He had counted the divine artifacts, the nearly 300 orders of deep-sea specialty products, dozens of tattered antiques that were worth an unknown amount of money, and the part-time appraiser that he had unexpectedly obtained—the rewards of his return trip were simply unimaginable! If he was in the North Pole to obtain ship materials, then he would be making a crazy amount of money here! This was the reward for completing a mission ahead of time!

The cheers of victory woke Da Fei up from his daze!

What the f*ck, cheer my ass! I've just escaped from the tiger's den, but it's still like a dragon's lair! My return journey isn't over yet! This kind of no man's land is the real f*cking place!

Should I announce it publicly? This time, I won't! I've already scared the whole world yesterday. I've probably forced the big teams to work together to deal with me. If a Demigod were to go down, all the players in the world would probably protest to delete my account in front of the American White House? For the sake of a million US dollars as the championship prize, I'll quietly participate in this competition. I don't want to be shot!

Da Fei checked the Turbo Crystal in his hand again: + 10 mana, + 10 Knowledge.

Holy f*ck! Where's the special skill? It's gone! Could it really be a one-time use item? Or did it consume too much CD? In other words, it's impossible to return with crystals in the short term!

At that moment, the flag captain came over. "Captain, the flagship is asking for instructions. Where are we going?"

Where to? Looking at the endless black sea around him, Da Fei's balls shattered!

Although this was the third time Da Fei had come here, there was no sea map, no star with a sextant, and he was completely ignorant of this world. Where was he going? Oh right, where was Reynolds? Could he wake up?

Suddenly, Da Fei thought of his Sea Anemone King! Da Fei hurriedly checked his territory panel—It's lit up! The Sea Anemone King is lit up! It's still here! So it can only be used after returning to the same world?

In that instant, it was as if a lighthouse had lit up in the distant horizon. Da Fei's first reaction was, of course, "The target is the Underworld's Miracle Island!"

[fuzzy]