Chapter 257: Absolute Bad Luck Descends

In the Hero Genesis, gods were undoubtedly the highest level of existence. They were existences that players could not see. The God of Light controlled the Divine Realm, the Demon God controlled the Demon Realm, the Sea God controlled the Sea Realm, and the God of the Underworld controlled the Underworld. There were also a bunch of small gods and demigods. It was almost the limit for players to see demigods.

However, even for Gods, there were some areas that were difficult to control. For example, the Nether Sea. The Nether Sea was the sea in the Netherworld Realm. The Nether God wanted to control this place, but he could not recognize the surname Shui. The Sea God wanted to control this place, but the aura of death was too heavy, and the water and soil were not acclimatized.

In short, some powerful, mysterious, and unknown native sea demons ruled over this vast sea region. It was unknown what kind of sea demons the Netherworld Realm had, but one could imagine how powerful the Netherworld Sea Demons were just from the existence of Netherworld River Bone Demons.

And now, under the wind of the Underworld and the light of the Silver Moon, Da Fei's fleet was heading towards their destination at full speed in this vast and misty Dark Sea. Not only was it a revisit, but it was mainly because Renoir had easily torn open the space door there, which meant that it was the easiest way to leave the Dark Sea.

At this moment, Da Fei's Reconnaissance Skill called the police. A large number of red dots appeared on the surface of the sea!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Sea monsters from the Underworld? But as long as they were small, he was not afraid! Da Fei immediately ordered the fleet to prepare for battle.

He saw it! Hundreds of skeleton fish that looked like dolphins surrounded him!

There was nothing else to say. Anyone who stood in their way would die. Whoever came would be attacked. Fire!

All of a sudden, the fleet unleashed all their firepower. Under the cover of the Rainbow Light, every arrow accurately hit the underwater sea monster and blasted it into smithereens! Then, a huge battle notification appeared.

— System Message: Your troops killed the Nether Sea Rovers, you received + 65 EXP.

— System Message: You have obtained incomplete information about the Nether Sea Rovers.

• • •

Although these skeleton fishes did not seem to be able to do anything to the warship in front of them, they were not polite to Da Fei's ship. All kinds of "-1!" "-2!"

What the f*ck! I knew it! I was tricked! Then let's fight! Fire at me!

For a moment, the cannons on the Radiance Wings roared, and water gushed into the sky around Octopus! As Octopus swayed, Da Fei's heart pounded! What the heck, don't hit me!

At this moment, the rainbow light that enveloped the fleet suddenly flashed, and a dark red arc rose up to replace the rainbow that enveloped the entire fleet!

— System Message: Your "God of Luck" status has ended. As the price of squandering your luck, you will enter the "Absolute Bad Luck" state for a month from now on!

Da Fei's eyelids jumped in shock. The God of Gambling was talking about absolute bad luck! Da Fei immediately checked his Luck attribute. Luck value -2.0! Endless negative! No way? No treasure with luck could save him?

The effect of Bad Luck was immediate. As another row of crossbow bolts whistled over, all kinds of missed shots were fired, and all kinds of damage reduction and diagonal damage were released. The damage was horrible to look at! (Note: The diagonal damage refers to the "miss", causing the damage to be unable to cause normal damage. When attacking underwater enemies, the enemy that attacks the magic shield to protect the body will usually receive slanted damage.)

What the heck! Da Fei's balls shattered!

In short, under the cover of the Radiance Wing, under the all-out attack of the octopus sailor's harpoon, and under the repair of the sailors, the first wave of enemies encountered in the netherworld was finally dealt with.

Da Fei finally had a taste of the power of this Absolute Bad Luck! It meant that there would definitely be negative effects, and the damage would be halved and slanted!

What was the point of fighting?! Fortunately, they met these weaklings. If they met an expert, wouldn't they die a miserable death?

It seemed like the only way was to open up a path for Alicia's transformation, Skirallivitan or something, and subdue the enemy without a fight. However, in this case, the personnel would have to be adjusted. He would fly the Wings of Light and board the same ship as Alicia. Katerina would have to bear with it and board the ship.

After the fleet had finished their adjustments, they set off again.

Speaking of which, this was the first time Da Fei was sailing on the Wings of Light? Although this ship had already joined the Chamber of Commerce, Da Fei was helpless because he did not have a ship ID and was not the ship's owner. Other than knowing that the Wings of Light had 100,000 durability, he could not see the other specific surnames of the Wings of Light! Similarly, he could not see the Whale Catcher's other surnames other than 130,000 durability. Most importantly, he could not see the surname of the speed attribute. How annoying!

Of course, this was the normal setting of the Chamber of Commerce. Even if a player joined a guild, the guild leader could only look at the player’s level at most, and could not see the player’s specific surname. The ship was also the player’s personal equipment property, and if a player or NPC brought a ship to join the Chamber of Commerce, it would also be considered a personal property. The speed of a sailing ship had always been the highest secret of the Chamber of Commerce or the navy.

However, knowing the durability and defense was good enough. At the very least, he had a plan in mind. 100,000 durability was equivalent to the standard of a big boss. This wasn't a lot of blood, but it wasn't a small amount either. Of course, the durability of a ship was built, and it had an additional defense against light weapons. This was something big bosses couldn't compare to.

Suddenly, Whale Catcher let out a loud bang! The red light on Da Fei's screen exploded!

— System Message: Warning! The bottom of the Whale Hunter ship of the fleet is broken. It is very likely to cause the entire ship to break down and sink! Please reduce the burden of repair!

Da Fei's heart trembled! 130,000 durability? He sank just like that? What the heck, how could there be such a coincidence? What the heck! This is definitely bad luck, of course it's such a coincidence!

Da Fei hurriedly rushed out of the pilot's cabin and bumped into the flag-bearer! The flag-bearer hurriedly said, "Captain Spielberg sent an urgent message. The ship has been severely damaged. We must stop the ship to reduce its load!"

Dafei said in surprise, "What does that mean?"

The flag-bearer said, "To throw the cargo into the sea and abandon it!"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! What was he working so hard for? How could he abandon it! His ship had 2,000 units of cabins, which took up two-thirds of the entire fleet. If his ship was abandoned, he would have made a wasted trip!

Da Fei panicked. "Stop the ship! Stop the ship! Stop the ship first!"

The fleet stopped moving forward. Da Fei hurriedly boarded the small boat and leaned against the slanted Whale Catcher. The Whale Catcher sailors were trying their best to transfer the seawater from the cracks in the bottom of the boat!

Once Da Fei boarded the ship, he met the anxious Spielberg. "Mr. Spielberg, how did this happen?"

Spielberg said anxiously, "Whaling ships aren't specialized cargo ships after all. Although my cargo hold is big, it's used to store the entire whale. Therefore, the cargo hold isn't like ordinary cargo ships where there are intermediate layers to store goods and share the pressure. The consequence is that my cabin is under the pressure of all the goods! Although it's indeed very dangerous, I didn't expect it to collapse so quickly!"

Da Fei suddenly realized that bad luck was not baseless. He had loopholes to exploit!

Da Fei said hesitantly, "Sir, you mean that we have to throw the goods?"

Spielberg shook his head and sighed. "I know this is an extremely painful decision. If I were the captain, I wouldn't be willing either. But in this situation, if I don't throw it… Sigh…"

At this moment, Katerina also boarded the ship. She said in a deep voice, "There's still one way! The most common way for pirates!"

Da Fei was suddenly delighted. "Delay?"

Katerina nodded and said seriously, "That's right, tow the ship! Pirates sometimes need to use intense gun battles to subdue their prey, but at that time, the prey has already been severely injured and is about to sink. Then, the pirates will use towing to drag the ship back to the base!"

Da Fei was suddenly delighted. "That's right! Dragging the ship is the only way to save friendly ships from sinking!"

Spielberg said in shock, "If that's the case, then our entire fleet will have no speed to speak of. How can we survive in this dangerous Nether Sea?"

That's right! This was the real problem! However, at this point in time, he could only give up!

Da Fei took a deep breath and patted Spielberg's shoulder. "Sir, do you have confidence in me? Even if you don't have any information about the future of our trip, you should at least have confidence in my finances, right? I guarantee that once something happens, I'll compensate you with a new ship!"

Spielberg's face twitched and he shook his head in pain. "But my ship is an advanced ship… how can I bear to…"

Katerina laughed. "Anyway, you can't control this ship with your current ability. Why don't you take this opportunity to train yourself? After you survive this crisis, your ability will naturally improve. With the captain's shipbuilding divine weapon in hand, ships and whatnot will never be a problem!"

F*ck! As expected of my wife, she's always protecting her husband! I even know how to use my shipbuilding divine weapon to threaten public relations!

Da Fei hurriedly nodded, gritted his teeth, and said, "That's right. There's a Leviathan's soul in the divine weapon now, a Single-Horned Whale King's soul. The new ship is definitely high-end! Once the new ship is out, you'll be the captain!"

Spielberg's eyelids twitched as he gritted his teeth and said, "Alright! Believe in Captain! Then drag him away, but I'll still stay on the ship to repair and command the drainage!"

Katerina said seriously, "However, to drag such a huge and full-loaded ship and ensure that it doesn't fall apart and collapse, the Captain's ability is not enough. It's still better for me, a professional pirate, to be at the helm for the Radiance Wings."

Da Fei's eyebrows twitched. "Who's going to open the Octopus?"

F*ck! I can't fight the fleet anymore. I can only rely on my Transformation skill combination to scare them. I can't leave with Alicia. Could it be…

Everyone's eyes focused on Serbia!

Serbia was delighted. "Really? Can I sail alone?"

Ha! This reaction is just like when I let Anlicia sail the ship alone! If you want to sail the ship, you should have said so earlier!

Da Fei quickly patted her head. "That's right, it's up to you!"

Serbia said excitedly, "I want to learn Nautical Skill! Full mastery!"

No way! You are a Spell Hero with precious skill points! How can you learn Nautical Skill!

Da Fei did not know whether to laugh or cry. "This, there's no need for that. The ship's speed is so slow. Even if you don't learn Nautical Skill, you won't lose it!"

Serbia's face sank!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. What the heck, Little Goody is giving me attitude! Ah, wait! This is the first time I'm asking her to learn a skill? Could it be an opportunity to grow? Anyway, my divine weapon, the Demonic War Staff, dropped a lot of her loyalty. If I don't satisfy her this time, God knows what will happen.

Then I'll learn. After all, she's the Voyager's daughter! Ah, right, her father's corpse is still on Miracle Island, right? If I can escape from Miracle Island, I'll take her corpse to increase her loyalty.

Currently, Serbia was Level 33. When he first recruited her, she was Level 20, a nun master, a light mage master. Then, her five skills were all maxed out, which meant that she used up 20 skill points. Then, his hands itched to use some Beginner Leadership Skill on her. Then, when she reached Level 30, she majored in Cogitation and all the five skills below. Now, she still had three skill points left. Then, she would learn advanced skills in one go!

Da Fei had no choice but to take out his Nautical Skill book. Golden light flashed continuously!

— System Message: You spent 3 * Skill Points on the sub-hero Serbia. Serbia learned Advanced Nautical Skill!

Only then did Serbia's expression soften and he said excitedly, "I'm in position! I'm the first female captain in the world. Watch me!" With that, he impatiently boarded the small boat and headed straight for Octopus.

Da Fei sighed. It's all up to you now. I hope I haven't wasted the three precious Skill Points I invested in. If my future is good, I'll even invest in Master Level!