Chapter 254: The Sea Demon'S Script

Da Fei, Katerina, Anli, Serbia Cortna Spielberg, each rowed a small boat along the edge of the puddle, tapping and searching for the anticipated giant mouth wound. Time passed, minute by minute. The sound of the ballista, the crashing of garbage, kept reverberating in the air.

The Sailor Moving Team had a rich harvest. They had already found 200 deep-sea specialty products in the wreckage! If each item could be sold for tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands, or even close to a million gold coins, Da Fei could not imagine how much profit this batch of goods could bring him!

However, the prerequisite was that he had to be able to get out! If he could not get out, everything would be bait and zero!

Soon, Katerina shouted from afar, "Found it! A big scar!"

I'm too awesome! I have a reason to become an expert!

Da Fei hurriedly rowed the boat over to take a look. As expected, there was an obvious bulge on the wall of flesh. It was a huge scar! Needless to say, it was here.

Da Fei laughed maniacally. "Move the fleet over and focus your firepower on this scar!"

Alicia shouted from afar, "We still have a lot of goods here!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Hurry up and pick it up. I'll blast it with Octopus first!"

— Boom! Boom! Boom!! As the two Lucky Arrows from Octopus were shot out, flesh and blood splattered on the scar. -234! -263! The three-digit damage was released!

It was indeed here! The entire fleet of sailors cheered. Da Fei let out a long laugh. This was the real double harvest! Sea Demon, thank you!

Right at this moment, a deep sigh sounded from within the hole. "I don't know how many times this scar of mine has been worn by self-righteous mortals, but it has become my mouth ulcer. Ah! Pain, pain…"

Da Fei was stunned. "Could it be that someone ran out from here before?"

The siren sighed and said, "First of all, congratulations on guessing correctly. This is indeed the breakthrough point of the Odyssey. But mortals, do you know where you are now? I can tell you right now. You're in a deep-sea trench below 10,000 meters. Have you thought about the consequences of breaking out of the trench and pouring seawater into it? Do you think your ship is a submarine? Even American naval wolf-class submarines can only dive 600 meters at most. Do you know what 10,000 meters deep is? That's the Realm of God. The physical and chemical characteristics of that place will surpass the understanding of mortals…"

— Puah! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! Are you kidding me?! Play the Fantasy Ocean Demon properly, don't go around the Pacific Ocean!

Da Fei said frantically, "Could it be that Odyssey escaped from the deep sea just because he's a demigod?"

The sea monster said in surprise, "This is really ridiculous. Such a famous epic praising the legend of the Odyssey, and you're actually asking me about this enemy? I won't tell you that I've read Homer's poems!"

Da Fei was suddenly enlightened. Could it be that the strategy was in Homer's Poem? Was he supposed to read the book now? What the heck! Was there a download online? Wait, wasn't there a poet here?

Da Fei hurriedly looked back and saw Cortner rushing over.

Give me a strategy guide? Hurry up! Da Fei hurriedly called out, "Mr. Baron, you must know Homer's poems, right?"

Cortner shook his head and frowned. "As a poet, I'm familiar with Homer's poem, 'Odyssey', but there is indeed no chapter in the epic about how Odyssey escaped from the mouth of Kalubdis!"

Dafei said in shock, "No?"

Kartner sighed and said, "The epic only recorded that when Odyssey passed through the Strait of Messina, he faced the Whirlpool Sea Monster Kalubudis while facing the six sea monsters Skila. He chose to pass through the sea area of the six sea monsters Skila. Although he suffered heavy casualties, he still successfully escaped!"

Da Fei's jaw dropped. "How did this happen? What kind of strategy is this?"

The sea demon's resentful voice resounded. "That's right? How could this be? For thousands of years, I've flipped through 'Odyssey' countless times, and I've memorized every punctuation mark. But I just can't find my scene! It's not even comparable to a random passerby! Why did Skila become a great demon renowned throughout the ages just by being a supporting role in the movie, and then used it to become the Sea God's trusted sea general? And I'm really still a small director in the garbage department of the sea department!"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out another mouthful of blood! I'm not asking you what happened to the Bureau Chief, I just want you to know how to flip the book!

Kortner Khan said, "Perhaps the great poet, Homer, was thinking about cutting off the plot of the war with you from the simplistic creation of poetry and the convenience of poetry compilation and rhyme."

The enraged voice of the sea monster echoed in the hollow. "I'm not convinced! I'm not willing! My strength is clearly stronger than that of Kila!"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Could this be the key to breaking through?

Da Fei quickly laughed and said, "I have a way. We have a poet here. As long as you tell us how you fought against the Odyssey, we will finish the poem!"

The siren laughed coldly. "Ridiculous mortal, are you looking down on my wisdom? A lowly poet trying to make up for the poems passed down by famous poets? Not only is it laughable, but it's also arrogant! I won't tell you what happened back then. You don't have much time left. Continue to struggle and fumble, wahahaha!"

Dafei was stunned!

“You! How dare you say that I’m an unranked poet! I’m the most popular noble poet in Erolyn’s land!” Cortner’s pretty boy flushed red with anger.

The sea demon was surprised. "What? You're nothing compared to Lotus. Are you unconvinced?"

Cortner immediately wilted. "I'm convinced. Thank you for your praise…"

For a moment, Da Fei and the others were at a loss. What should they do? Could it be that only Demigods like Odyssey could escape? Did you have to compare me to Odyssey? I'm convinced too! Damn!

The siren lamented, "In short, it's Homer's fault that I don't have any scenes. Even great poets have imperfections! Only I, as the person involved, can make the plot perfect! But I don't have the talent or fame to be a poet, but I can be a screenwriter! So I became a screenwriter. Mortals, this is the stage I built for you mortals. Every time I watch you mortals struggle with hope, then struggle in despair, and finally give up in pain, it's really my favorite play besides' Odyssey '."

Everyone was shocked!

The siren continued, "Actually, you're not bad. At the very least, you taught Skila a lesson and helped me vent my anger. In fact, even Odyssey is not Skila's match. In terms of military strength, your era has many powerful battleships, and in terms of luck, you're a hundred times better than Odyssey. Oh, right, why are you so lucky? Of course, that's not important. The difference between you and Odyssey is actually intelligence! Whatever you do now can't be called wrong. It's just that there's a problem with the angle you're looking at the problem. The same item, some people think it's a treasure, some people think it's a trap, and some people have indeed seen what others haven't seen. Come, I've already made it clear enough. Mortals, can you add a perfect ending to my script? Alright, as an audience member, you shouldn't interfere with the actors. From now on, I won't say another word. I'll enjoy this drama quietly."

The echo echoed in the empty space. Da Fei's jaw dropped! This Demigod is trying to kill me!

At this moment, Cortner suddenly said, "Odyssey was once trapped on the Giant Demon Island. With the help of the witches, he escaped from the underworld! The chapter in the poem is to return to the underworld!"

The Dark Sea Returns!

Da Fei was shocked. Spatial collapse teleportation? Does that mean I can escape as long as I tear open the plane and enter the Underworld? But this is high-tech! How can I know such a big move?

At this moment, Anlicia also spoke. "Its huge mouth is actually a powerful barrier. We have to break through its mouth to cast a spell, so we still have to break its mouth."

Wait, wait! In that instant, Da Fei's thoughts became clear again! Just now, the sea demon said that no matter what I do, I can't be wrong. In other words, my idea of searching for debris was actually right. The idea of blasting open the wall of flesh and breaking out of the hole was also right, but "I didn't see what I should have seen"!

God-grade weapon! My initial thoughts were right. There must be a God-grade weapon that could cross space in these remains. Perhaps it was a God-grade weapon left behind by Odyssey! However, a pile of treasures attracted my attention and made us neglect the existence of God-grade weapons? And a real God-grade weapon might not necessarily be shining with golden light. For example, the Blood Eagle Flute that I once discovered!

Da Fei's plan was finalized. He immediately said decisively, "Continue searching. Search for God-grade equipment! Search for God-grade equipment in the wreckage!"