Chapter 252: Swirling Sea Monster: Kalubdis

On the 15th day of the voyage back to the North Sea, the short summer at the North Pole had ended. The frozen period came again, and the biting cold wind whistled between the sky and the sea. Da Fei's fleet returned at full speed under the roaring cold wind.

Da Fei had long recovered from the excitement of his victory in the preliminaries. The clamor of the guild, the various comments on the forums, the news reports on television, the congratulations of the Dragon Slayer Guild Leader and the Goddess of Stars, the title of the world's number one amateur player, and so on were all just fleeting clouds! Wahahaha!

I didn't give you a single cent to hype up the advertisement fees. Why are you all praising me so highly? My biggest wish is to return safely.

And now, the Frosty Wind Strait was right in front of him.

It's here! Da Fei felt uncomfortable all over without any sea monsters along the way. It was abnormal if it was too normal. This was the best place to ambush the fleet in this sea area. Would the Sea God be so stupid as to ambush them twice in the same place?

The flagship, Wings of Radiance, sent out another flag: Through the strait, follow with all your might, and be alert for battle!

Da Fei looked nervously at the sky and the sea surface. There were no dense clouds or fog like the last time he came here. So, there were only sea monsters? But it didn't matter. Now, Wings of Light had six Sea Demon Statues and a single-horned whale horn. It was no longer the same as before. In order to use the Dragon Bone Runes, Brother Wen had also sent Anlicia to the flagship. As long as there were sea monsters blocking the way, he would activate the Charging Runes to accelerate and kill them!

The fleet was traveling at full speed across the strait. All the sailors' nerves were stretched taut.

— Creak! The hull suddenly made a soft sound. Da Fei felt that the direction in which the Octopus was moving was slightly off.

Da Fei was shocked. Was something going to happen?

— Creak! The sound was louder. The ship shook slightly! At the same time, the red light on Da Fei's screen exploded!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill alert! Great Maelstrom has been discovered in front of the ship, please avoid it immediately!

Da Fei's heart trembled! Vortex! It was finally his turn! Da Fei shouted in shock, "Flag Commander!! Order the fleet to avoid Vortex!"

"Yes, Captain!"

Avoid? How? Forcefully charge? Turn? I don't understand at all! Looking at the surging waves on the surface of the strait and at the constantly tilting bow of the ship, Da Fei forcefully turned the rudder in a daze, sweating profusely! His only hope was to rely on Katerina and professional NPCs like Cortner!

Soon, the flag bearer rushed in again. "Captain, the flagship has instructed us to turn around quickly and rush out at full speed from the counterclockwise edge of the vortex! Now!"

So it was a forceful charge! Da Fei's heart suddenly calmed down! As expected, the NPC knew what to do! Counterclockwise? Where? The right side? Who cares about that side, just follow them!

The whirlpools on the surface of the sea roared like thunder, and the middle of the sea began to sink. The whirlpools became deeper, and the whirlpools became larger, almost blocking half of the sea channel! This whirlpool was shockingly large!

Fortunately, Da Fei discovered it in time and the fleet reacted quickly. The fleet had already reached the edge of the vortex!

At this moment, the two dragon bone masts of the Radiance Wings flashed red! The entire fleet suddenly accelerated!

— System Message: Flagship Radiance Wings used Charging Skill. Ship speed increased by 30%. Duration: 30 seconds!

God bless me! Da Fei immediately activated Octopus's Acceleration Special Skill.

The whirlpool grew bigger, blocking the entire sea route and enveloping the entire fleet! The fleet struggled hard in the whirlpool. Da Fei's heart was in his throat, so nervous that he could not breathe!

At this moment, Da Fei's Octopus Ship was making loud noises as it was pushed by the whirlpool. Da Fei was sure that if not for the fact that the Octopus' Acceleration Special Skill had a hard-to-turn flaw, it would definitely be swallowed by the whirlpool at the first moment. The flaw was that it had the advantage of staying alive!

The vortex became more urgent, and the fleet's speed also became faster—that's right! Whether it was clockwise or counterclockwise, they had to cut in the same direction as the vortex in the beginning. This way, the fleet could rush out with the thrust of the vortex! It was like throwing a metal pancake!

The fleet was getting further away from the center. There was hope to break through! Da Fei was so excited that he almost jumped!

Just then, a dull roar came from the bottom of the whirlpool. "Don't even think about escaping!" The red light exploded in front of Da Fei again!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill alert! A powerful enemy is about to appear, please prepare for battle!

Da Fei was shocked. It was a siren! In that instant, a huge red cloud appeared on the radar map. It was as big as a whirlpool! It covered the entire strait!

Now, Da Fei could already see a huge blood-red "land" rapidly rising from the bottom of the sea. Da Fei was stunned. What a shockingly huge sea demon! In front of such a huge sea demon that was as big as an island, the fleet was like… like a fleet parked at the dock of an island…

Da Fei could no longer find any words to describe his current feelings. Da Fei's joy from thinking that he had won instantly hit rock bottom.

As expected, this Chamber of Commerce revival mission was too pretentious. Could he escape the first time but not the fifteenth? Were all his achievements in the North Sea going to be wasted here?

He was close! He finally saw it! The red thing was a huge mouth that looked like a crack in the abyss! Finally, Da Fei found a word to describe what he was feeling right now. It was a word that could be summed up in a thousand words—Damn!

* Crash! * The surface of the sea shook violently, and a huge water screen rose into the sky. The world suddenly darkened!

Da Fei knew what had happened. His entire fleet had been swallowed by the sea monsters! The so-called whale swallowing was not enough to describe its appetite!

Brother, time to play eggs.

A dull voice echoed in the dark world. "Mortal, it is your honor to be buried in the stomach of Kalubudis. One day later, you will be crushed and recycled by me along with these trash! You can also think of a way to escape, but up till now, only Hero Odyssey has succeeded. Go and read it."

Clang! A loud noise came from the darkness. It was indeed the sound of items being crushed.

Da Fei was so shocked that his eyebrows jumped! Kalubudis! The Swirling Sea Demon in the Greek mythology Odyssey was a good neighbor of Skila! Just now, he called me a mortal? Does that mean it's also a Demigod? Damn!

At this moment, the searchlight of the fleet was lit up. It was a huge, squirming red liquid. Needless to say, this was its mouth.

The fleet was in the puddle in its mouth, surrounded by the remains of various sunken shipwrecked sea monsters.

— Clang! Another loud sound was heard. A pile of debris at the end of the trash mountain fell into a deeper hole. That was where the sound came from!

What the heck! So this demigod is actually an environmental worker! According to his progress in dealing with trash, it will probably be my turn tomorrow, which means I still have one more day!

As expected, no matter how hard the game tried, it was impossible for it to not give the players a chance. Its rattling hole was definitely not the exit. Then, there was only one way. All the firepower of the ballista would be unleashed and blast its mouth!