Chapter 255: Appraiser And The Turbo Crystal

Now, the search for God Tools had begun. Alright, it had been going on all along, but everyone had only paid attention to the treasures.

So that was how it was. These treasures were both treasures and traps. Not only were they used to hide the scars, but they were also used to hide the God Tools! However, how could one find a God Tool in a mountain of trash? The key was that most people had ordinary eyes. Even if they picked up a God Tool, they might really throw it away as trash, just like the Blood Eagle Flute.

Suddenly, Da Fei thought of a boring sub-skill under the Luck Skill, Treasure Instinct!

— Treasure Intuition: It can increase the probability of players discovering treasures when they excavate them. The higher the Luck Point, the higher the level of the Luck Skill, the better the effect of the skill. Prerequisite for learning: Advanced Luck Skill.

It was said that this was the only treasure digging skill in the game. Increasing the guild's adventure level would not only increase the chances of killing bosses and dropping items, but it could also increase the effect of this skill.

However, the actual situation during the open beta testing was that even with the support of the guild level, even if the players piled up their lucky equipment to dig for treasures, the effects would generally be subpar. In fact, the players would not even be able to sense the existence of this skill! In fact, during the open beta testing, Stars had indeed leveled up to a level 20 guild adventure level for this skill. Then, after testing by the treasure digging team and analyzing the data on the computer, the conclusion was that the probability of increasing was about 3! It was like the floating cloud.

Fortunately, there was only one Skill Point. The players who were determined to take the risk and dig for treasures learned this skill regardless of their reluctance.

At this moment, Da Fei shook his head and sighed. What was he saving Skill Points for? Of course, he was using it to deal with such a f*cking situation. Even though this Skill was f*cked up, he was now using a permanent resident Godly Luck Skill. No matter what, it should have some effect, right? Learn!

Da Fei took out the Luck Skill Book and flipped to the page of Treasure Intuition. He chose to learn and a golden light flashed!

— System Message: You spent one Skill Point to learn the Luck Skill sub-skill, Treasure Intuition.

At this moment, a small golden light flashed on Da Fei's radar map. Da Fei frowned. What was this?

Da Fei looked in the direction indicated by the map and saw something flashing among the debris!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! Could it be that the shining thing was a treasure? This was the intuition of a treasure? That's not right. This radar of his was clearly a God-grade Reconnaissance Skill. It was used to look for monsters. Why would it be used for treasure hunting?

Without thinking too much, Da Fei hurriedly rowed the boat to where the flashing debris was. It was a broken cabinet that was soaked in water. There was a pile of broken teacups, teapots, and plates in the cabinet. When Da Fei flipped open a broken plate, the broken plate and the pile of broken porcelain pieces around the plate suddenly flashed with light. At the same time, a golden light flashed on Da Fei's radar!

This was a treasure!

— System Message: With your sharp eyes, you feel that you have found a "broken antique"!

— System Message: You have obtained the job information of "Appraiser"!

Da Fei was stunned! Appraiser! Job information! What the f*ck, in the past, he would at most give out skill information, but now, he actually gave out job information? In other words, when his Godly Reconnaissance Skill, Godly Luck Skill, and this treasure intuition were combined together, a new job could be created?

So that's how it is! I was right! God-grade is not the end point of skills, but the beginning of a new vocation! The realm above God-grade skills is the birth of a new vocation!

At this moment, Katerina picked up a piece of porcelain and said in surprise, "Eh? This looks like the royal porcelain of the Falcon Dynasty!"

Cortner agreed. "That's right. The Falcon pattern on this piece of porcelain is the typical court style of the Falcon Dynasty. This layer of dark gold paint at the edge of this piece of porcelain is actually Magic Light Powder. If a Bandit tries to steal it, the palace mages will follow the Magic Powder to capture the Bandits! And this piece of porcelain is not an ordinary piece of porcelain. It's a jade piece, so this item is very rare and expensive. That's why we used such a high-level anti-theft measure!"

Katerina smiled and said, "As expected of Captain. Even if this thing is broken, it can still be sold for a high price as long as it's glued properly!"

It turned out that this trash mountain not only had seafood, but also antiques! This was not just any kind of substance! Da Fei was stunned. "You know so much?"

Katerina laughed. "Of course I know more!"

Da Fei patted his head. What an unnecessary question. Katerina was an artistic pirate whose family was well-versed in literature. Her occupation specialty was "Treasure Intuition"! This treasure were separated by one word. The scope was different! She was the one who discovered the Blood Eagle Flute!

Cortner smiled and said, "Grandpa wants me to become a brave navigator, but I've never been able to do it. But at least, as a navigator, I admit that I'm not bad. Also, I have a lot of friends in my circle, and I've seen a lot of them. But now, I feel that I'm very brave. At least, I can be calm in the mouth of sea demons."

Dafei said in surprise, "Why are you so brave?"

Cortner laughed. “Because there’s a captain! Since the captain is so calm, of course I don’t need to panic. Go read it.”

I’m hot! Players can revive if they die, but you’re an ordinary NPC!

Da Fei quickly asked, "Do you know what's going on with the appraiser?"

Katerina chuckled. "I don't know."

Cortner smiled. "They are the kind of experts who are knowledgeable, knowledgeable, and knowledgeable. They are knowledgeable about the treasures of any dynasty, and they can even discover extraordinary things from some unknown items. I estimate that I will have to study hard for 100 years to reach this realm."

Dafei said in surprise, "Learn what?"

Cortner smiled. "Of course, I'm going to the various libraries to study history, geography, humanities, and treasure maps!"

— System Message: You have obtained the job information of the appraiser!

Another message appeared!

He understood now. Under normal circumstances, if he wanted to become an appraiser, he would have to hang himself in the library. The problem was that he was ignorant and incompetent. He had never hung up the library for a day!

Katerina pursed her lips. "A real treasure will naturally emit a unique aura. As long as you can sense that aura, you can also find a treasure. Go and read the expensive works of those so-called artists. Most of them are hyped up by the so-called royal families. At least, they are worthless in the eyes of pirates."

Da Fei was enlightened! He was taking the pirate route, so he did not need to use the Library of Heaven's Path. He had two God-grade skills to open up a path, plus the invincible luck of a God-grade weapon. He was definitely going to be an appraiser!

Da Fei laughed and said, "It's great that all of you know how to appraise treasures. Let's hurry up and gather all the items that are suspected to be treasures together before focusing on appraising!"

The two of them hurriedly said, "Alright!"

The three of them split up. Da Fei's sharp eyes searched the trash mountain carefully. As expected! The radar flashed again, and the trash mountain flashed again! There it is again! Da Fei hurriedly rushed forward to dig!

A round stone!

— System Message: With your sharp eyes, you feel that you have discovered "expensive gems"!

— System Message: You have obtained the job information of "Appraiser"!

Could it be it? What the f*ck! It doesn't look like it! If I really dug out the divine weapon from the trash, I might have leveled up directly, right? I say, is this a treasure ground for me to use my skills? Continue!

Time passed second by second. The golden light on Da Fei's radar kept flashing. As long as the golden light appeared, he would definitely gain something! Da Fei was increasingly convinced that such a high success rate must have something to do with his Invincible Luck! Da Fei further confirmed that if ordinary Treasure Chests and seafood were used to attract the attention of ordinary Sears, then these antique treasures were specially used to deal with experts!

However, why was he still unable to find it? There was not much time left. The fleet was less than half the distance away from the sea monster's throat. Da Fei had long lost the excitement of searching for treasures and was becoming more anxious.

— Clang! Another loud sound was heard, and another pile of trash mountains was swallowed by the sea demons, emitting a huge echo.

Da Fei jumped in shock. What the f*ck, isn't he going to swallow my God-grade equipment?

Wait a minute! The God-grade equipment would definitely not be swallowed! Otherwise, why would the players play games? That meant that the God-grade equipment must be in a place where the water could not flow away, so the God-grade equipment would definitely not be on the wreckage of the ship!

Holy f*ck! I've been searching for you for so long! Is it…

Da Fei jumped into a puddle at the foot of the trash mountain. The puddle was dark and dirty, and there were all kinds of unknown things floating in it. It felt like he had fallen into a manure pit! Damn, he had not brushed his teeth for thousands of years?

What the heck! Da Fei hurriedly surfaced and shouted, "Sailors, go into the water and look for a God-grade weapon! It must be underwater! Katerina, don't go down!" Tsk, how can I let my darling go down in a place like a manure pit?

Instantly, all the sailors jumped into the water, and the dirty water became even dirtier. F*ck! They were looking for more!

No, no! The water was not rotten! The dirtier it was, the more it meant that this place would not be washed by the water, and the higher the possibility that the divine artifact was hidden in the mud.

Suddenly, there was a flash of light underwater! Da Fei's eyelids jumped!

A divine artifact! Could it be a divine artifact?

Da Fei swam over excitedly and hopefully, only to see a stick stuck in the mud! Battle? Magic Battle?

Da Fei trembled as he reached out and grabbed—Pa! The stick broke and turned into rotten mud.

Was it not? No! It had to be!

Da Fei dug into the mud under the rod. In that instant, a bright pearl-like light shone out! A pearl with blue light!

— System Message: Under your keen eyes, you discovered the thousand-year treasure, "Turbo Crystal"!

Right at this moment, a golden light descended from the sky and broke through the water!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your vision is like a torch, you have discovered the damaged divine weapon, "Turbo Crystal"! You have obtained the job qualification of a part-time beginner appraiser! You have comprehended the job skill "Sharp Observation".

— Elementary Appraiser: Part-time job of Treasure Seeking. Vision: 10. Vision and Reconnaissance Skill superimposed on each other. Under Elementary Appraiser status, players would receive 1 point bonus per 5 levels.

— Sharp Observation: It increases the probability of discovering a treasure and successfully identifying a counterfeit. The higher the class of an appraiser, the stronger the effect of this skill. Reconnaissance Skill, Luck Skill, and this skill have a mutually beneficial effect.

— System Message: You are currently Level 34. You have received an Elementary Appraiser Class bonus of 6 points.

— Whirlpool Crystal: 10 Mana, 10 Knowledge, Special Skill: Whirlpool Space Door!

Whirlpool Space Door! That's it! I can also take on a part-time job! Da Fei laughed wildly! A mouthful of feces broke through the door—Ah Pu!