Chapter 251: Griffin Rider Pigwidgeon, Run

In the Griffin Mountain Range of the Lionheart Empire, a troop of 20 players was marching arduously on the rugged and winding mountain road. The leader, a spearman, was dressed in an unremarkable leather armor. Behind him was a group of female players who were dressed in gold and silver armor and were chattering non-stop. Behind them were the troops who were trudging with difficulty. There were all kinds of bowmen, shield guards, griffin cages, and monk staff that extended to no less than 1,000.

This unremarkable male player was the number one player in the China server, the third player in the world. The Level 40 "Griffin Breeder" Pigwidgeon of Stars Guild ran quickly. The female players behind him were the beauties of Blood View Workshop.

Running Piggy had to do a difficult task, which was to become a Griffin Knight! Once he became a Griffin Knight, he would become a flying hero. That would be a qualitative leap.

In fact, the reason why Pigwidgeon Run’s Griffin Breeder and the French Vampiric Princess were valued at one million US dollars the moment they opened their uniforms was because these two heroes with special abilities were most likely to be promoted to Flight Hero. It wasn’t just because they were Level 4 Weapons. The Banshee was also a Level 4 Weapon. The Banshee’ Level 4 Weapon Specialty wasn’t worth that much money.

The key to advancing was the mount. An ordinary griffin would definitely not be able to contain an adult warrior, so it had to be a griffin king. Their mission was to reach the griffin castle in the mountains and defeat and tame the griffin king in the castle.

The griffin was a holy creature bestowed to humans by the God of Light. Only devout believers of the God of Light could enter the griffin mountain range, the Holy Land. And near the griffin castle, there were Archangel guards, which meant that if one wanted to enter, they would have to challenge a level-seven soldier.

Of course, this was not a task that could be settled by a single person. Due to the restrictions of the mission reputation and religious beliefs, Star, who focused on attacking the Spirit Race, was unable to help. Furthermore, the Human Race was the territory of the Ninth Heaven, so they definitely would not help. Star was also in a position to keep the mission a secret and would not look for them. Therefore, Star tried to contact Blood Wei Studio. Blood Wei Studio focused on the cloister. Their religious beliefs were very sincere, and they were all mothers. They were very suitable helpers.

To Xue Wei, being reduced to a vassal or even a "harem" under the shadow of the powerful Ninth Heaven was something she could not tolerate no matter what. In order to improve her own status, she naturally had to build a good relationship with Starry and wander between the two major guilds in order to have a chance at success.

Thus, both parties came to an agreement, and this operation that had been planned for a long time was launched.

During this operation, the Blood Vision Workshop attached great importance to this operation. Big Sister Zhou Qing did not even bother with the mission of the Chamber of Commerce. Instead, she personally led the workshop and went all out. Putting aside the disputes in the real world, as long as they attacked the Griffin Castle in-game, they would be able to obtain considerable benefits. For example, they could at least reward the Angel Corps.

The army had been in the mountains for a month.

The terrain of the mountainous region was even more treacherous than the forest. The challenge of the mountainous region wasn’t just to walk slowly, but also to consume a lot of stamina. The most fatal weakness was that the troops couldn’t be deployed. It could be said that as long as there was a Boss-level beast charging along the mountainous path, it was entirely possible to wipe out the thousand or so Long Snake Formation troops like eating sausages.

Fortunately, this kind of thing did not happen because Pigwidgeon was running fast because his troops were griffins. In the mountainous regions, flying soldiers who were not restricted by the terrain were the biggest reliance. In the past month, the troops had encountered all kinds of mountain wolves that came and went like the wind. The attack of the vultures was precisely because Pigwidgeon's griffin squad was running everywhere to save them from being completely wiped out. As for Xue Wei's mission, it was completely reviving and saving them.

The Griffin Mountain Range was not a place where ordinary players could bring their troops.

All in all, along the way, Little Pig Swift Run displayed the superb tactical skills of an international professional gamer. With his high level of skill, he immediately gained the good impression of these beauties. As a result, they chatted and laughed along the way.

The topic on the first day was how the professional gamers were doing. Are you really only 17 years old?

The topic on the second day was whether we could reach your level? Was Bu Feiyan as strong as you?

The topic on the third day was naturally the Hero World Cup that had just begun.

Through the past few days of interaction, the usually reserved and cold Blood Rose, Zhou Qing, could not help but have a favorable impression of this 17 year old youth. After all, no matter how much she tried to act cool, she would not use it on a youth whose mind was only filled with gaming. Towards such a talented and pure youth, Zhou Qing was completely confident that he could capture him easily.

Zhou Qing gently smiled and asked, “Little Pig, aren’t you regretful that you can’t participate because you’re so powerful?”

Pigwidgeon smiled shyly and said, "No, I'm happier doing missions with everyone."

Zhou Qing smiled and said, "That's one million USD! Even the Ji Army has two hundred and fifty thousand USD."

Pigwidgeon quickly said, "Anyway, I just want to play games happily. Now is good. Go and read."

These words made all the girls laugh and sigh. It had to be said that this child did not even care about the prize money in order to play games. It was hard not to become a super expert with this level of attainment.

Zhou Qing smiled and said, “I heard that you professional players usually retire after the age of 22. Have you thought about what you would do after retirement?”

Pigwidgeon ran without thinking. "Be the owner of an internet cafe!"

The girls laughed again.

Zhou Qing shook his head and said with a smile, “It’s not that easy to apply to open an internet cafe now. You need to be familiar with it. How about this, when you come to Shendong City to look for me, I’ll pay to help you get your license. Are you willing to do that?”

Little Pig quickly said in surprise, "Opening an internet cafe in Shen Dong? Are you serious?"

Zhou Qing smiled and said, “More real than pearls!”

The girls laughed as well. "We can even hire the most beautiful female university students to be our waitress!"

Pigwidgeon was overjoyed. "Can I come now? I can't wait to be the owner of an internet cafe now?"

Zhou Qing laughed loudly and said, “You’re not going to be a professional player anymore?” A youth was a youth after all. Taking him down was too easy.

Pigwidgeon couldn't help but be stunned. "I'm a professional gamer and an Internet cafe owner!"

The girls were surprised. "That works too?"

Pigwidgeon quickly said in surprise, "Why not? Isn't the owner of the internet cafe always sitting on the counter playing games?"

The ladies laughed again. They had to admit that this little pig was really too naive. Zhou Qing smiled and said, "If your boss agrees to let her go, I'll do it for you immediately!"

Little Pig quickly said in surprise, "Sister, our boss is interested in you. With one word from you, he will immediately let you go!"

All the girls burst into laughter. Even Zhou Qing couldn’t help but blush. This guy was actually a little rascal! Children’s words don’t mean anything. He was mostly speaking the truth. I didn’t expect Boss Long to have Bu Feiyan by his side. In fact, he was still thinking about me. That’s right, how could Bu Feiyan’s family background compare to mine? Apart from being better at games than me, she can’t compare to me in anything else. This is probably the reason why he used this mission to get close to me, right? Zhou Qing couldn’t help but become complacent.

At this moment, Xue Weiqi shouted, "Hey, hey, hey! It's this Da Fei again! I'm so angry. Captain Jiang even made him the world's number one amateur player!"

The girls were surprised. "The results of the preliminaries are out?"

Xue Weiqi said hatefully, “The results are out. He’s in the limelight now. I dare to bet that his Banshee Hero was definitely upgraded by snatching the Banshee Boss from us!”

The girls said angrily, "This piece of trash relied on stealing other people's things to make a name for himself, yet he couldn't do anything to us."

Pigwidgeon said in surprise, "Do you all hate this Dafei?"

Xue Weiqi’s heart skipped a beat, and she said angrily, “He’s not just annoying, he’s a complete hoodlum. What, is he trying to avenge his sisters?”

Little Pig quickly shook his head and said calmly, "I can't beat him."

The girls couldn't help but be shocked. "Little Pig is so strong, yet he doesn't have the confidence to defeat him? This isn't something a 17-year-old should say."

Pigwidgeon, who was running quickly, suddenly said in an old and experienced manner, "As a professional gamer, I need to be able to tell the difference in strength between the two sides at a glance. The current me definitely won't be able to defeat him. I don't have any chance at all."

The ladies were stunned. "You don't stand a chance? You are a professional gamer!"

Little Pig quickly said, "It's precisely because I'm a professional player that I know the difference."

Speaking of games, this child suddenly became much more mature?

Zhou Qing’s eyebrows jumped. “What if you successfully become a Griffin Knight?”

Pigwidgeon quickly smiled and said, "If we were in the jungle, there's an 85% chance of killing him instantly. If we were in this mountainous area, the chance is less than 30%. If we were on flat land or at sea, the chance is 0!"

The girls exclaimed, "How did you calculate so clearly?"

Pigwidgeon quickly shook his head and said, "I'm not sure. This is just an analysis of the information he revealed from the video. We still don't know how many trump cards he has."

Zhou Qing’s plan was finalized. He clapped his hands and said solemnly, “Alright, let’s not bother with those nonsensical people. This time, we will do our best to take down the Griffin King. We must help Little Pig advance.”

"Got it!"

• • •

Finally, the griffin castle in the clouds at the top of the hill was in sight. Now the team would face their greatest challenge, defeating the guardian angel. And before that challenge, the troops, who had been marching tirelessly, would need one last long rest, not just to regain their strength, but also their morale.

Facing the angel, Zhou Qing still felt nervous. He gently asked, “Little Pig, what kind of tactics do you have for fighting angels?”

Pigwidgeon ran without thinking. "There's no strategy, we're just going to fight it out!"

Fight? The girls were stunned for a moment, but they quickly understood that it was a battle of healing. However, this was a little too much.

Zhou Qing said in surprise, “Can you win?”

Pigwidgeon nodded quickly. "After my observations and calculations over the past few days, I have 75% confidence in my sisters' abilities!"

Strength? AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!