Chapter 253: Deep Sea Treasure'S Bewilderment

Now, Da Fei's fleet was trapped in the sea demon's Giant Mouth Trash Mountain. The only way was to blast its mouth open with all the power of the ballista.

Da Fei gave the order. There were a total of 40 cannon doors on the left and right of Wings of Radiance, plus 4 cannon doors on his own medium-sized ship. The whaling ship's front, back, left, right, left, right, and six whaling cannons were fired at full force. The fleet's crossbows bombarded the surrounding huge meat wall, and the loud echo reverberated in the * * * *. At the same time, a huge row of "-6!", "-7!", "-5!" All the damage numbers were displayed on the screen!

Dafei's jaw dropped!

How much damage did my shot cause? 30! I didn't see wrongly, it was 30 points!

What was the normal damage of my Grandmaster Ballista? Ballista Damage = Basic Damage of the Ballista x player's total xing points. After deducting the attribute points attached to the equipment, my total attribute points reached 80. The basic damage of the Grandmaster Ballista was 7-8. The uncorrected damage of my Ballista was 560-640! It meant that the average damage was 600 points. And my actual damage was only 30 points. The damage was reduced by 95%!

According to the game's damage calculation formula, when the attack was lower than the enemy's defense, the final damage = basic damage * (1 + Attack and Defense difference x5%); to reach the realm where the damage reduction was 95%, the difference in Attack and Defense was more than 400. The Grandmaster Ballista had 35 Attack, which meant that the defense of this sea demon's mouth was at least 500!

What was 500 Defense? It was impenetrable!

Alright, as a Demigod, since he dared to swallow an entire fleet, he must have something to fear! However, one day, even an ant would kill an elephant if he attacked!

Da Fei gritted his teeth and shouted, "Continue attacking! Focus your firepower and aim at a fixed point! Boom it for one day!"

The sound of the Ballista was heard again.

It was at this moment that a dull voice echoed in the space once again. "Mortal, it seems like you're making your final struggle? However, I have to remind you that I once swallowed a Mortal Navy's fleet. Their firepower was much stronger than yours, but in the end, they were unable to escape even when they ran out of ammunition and food. If you think you have enough ammunition and time, then please continue. I won't tell you that I'll recover on my own. Hmph."

— Puah! Da Fei vomited blood!

F*ck, not only is his skin thicker than the city walls, but he can actually recover on his own! What the f*ck is this?! Did I really get what I deserved?

Wait a minute! Advanced, right? Very good, I still have the ultimate profound meaning! I'll use Advanced to resist Advanced!

Da Fei took out the lucky gold coin given to him by the God of Gambling—Come on, I'll use one month of bad luck to exchange for one day of invincible luck!

— System Message: Explanation! Are you sure you want to use the divine weapon, Lucky Gold Coin? Once you use it, you will be in an absolute unlucky state for the next month. You will not be able to receive any luck treasure or the blessing of the altar. Read it.

Isn't that obvious! If I die here right now, that would truly be bad luck!

Use it! If it works, then bet on it!

A rainbow light rose above Da Fei's head. At the same time, the entire fleet was enveloped by a rainbow!

— Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Although the damage was still terrible, at least the damage was doubled, wasn't it? Wasn't that the same as doubling the number of cannons? However, even if the damage was doubled, there was no way it could compare to a proper naval fleet. Even a proper naval fleet could not escape. Could he do it? Da Fei began to miss the Cannon Emperor's precious children who stayed behind in the Pond of Light. If they were here, the damage would definitely not be so weak. However, even if they really failed—could he afford to lose them?

If he couldn't win even by doubling the number, then he could only admit defeat.

For a moment, Da Fei was conflicted. He sighed and thought that life was unpredictable. Riches and honor were like clouds.

Wait a minute! A regular navy is the ultimate existence that players can develop into, right? If even a regular navy can't defeat it, then the players can't defeat it now, and they can't defeat it in the future! Could it be that this siren isn't dealt with by force? Oh right, it said that only Hero Odyssey has succeeded. Is this a hint to the players?

However, who was Odyssey? It was also translated as "Odysseus", the famous ancient Greek mythical hero who was a demigod! That was a demigod! It was one level higher than even the Golden Holy Warriors! His companions on the ship were also heroes. In their era, they probably did not have such high-tech ballistas. They probably just jumped down to be human siege engines and hacked hard, right? In the end, it still had to be resolved by force. It depended on whether the players could reach their level.

Holy f*ck! Isn't this nonsense! How can a player reach his realm? It's impossible to be a Golden Holy Warrior!

At this moment, the messenger came in and reported, "Captain, the flagship has sent a message. There seems to be valuable items in the surrounding wreckage!"

Da Fei's brows twitched. There's stock? What the heck! So this sea demon has something else in its mouth? Could it be that the key to breaking the situation lies in these remains? It has to be! No matter how awesome a God-like Boss is, it has to give players a chance, right?

Da Fei said excitedly, "All gunners, continue firing. The other sailors and navy members will go into the water to search for wreckage!"

All the boats put down their life-saving boats. Katerina, Alicia, and Cortner went into the water to search. Da Fei was naturally unwilling to lag behind when it came to treasure hunting.

Very quickly, there was a treasure chest! There was a golden treasure chest in the wreckage!

Da Fei's eyelids jumped in shock! What the heck, its big mouth really had some substance!

Da Fei excitedly went forward and opened it. Instantly, the jewelry dazzled Da Fei's eyes!

— System Message: You have searched the wreckage of the sunken ship and obtained one unit of salvage item—Deep Sea Night Pearl!

— Deep-Sea Night-Luminescent Pearl: Shipwrecking Goods. Special-class Goods produced in the deep sea that mortals could not reach. They were worth a hundred times more than gold in the Surface World!

Da Fei was so shocked that his eyelids jumped! What the heck! This was really a good item! Gold was considered a high-end luxury item in the trading center. The price of a single item was about 10,000 gold coins. A hundred times that of gold meant 1,000,000 gold coins? Perhaps the wording was exaggerated, but 10 times that of gold was definitely not a problem to sell for 100,000 gold coins! Just the "origin land that mortals could not reach" was the guarantee of the price!

In other words, as long as players could escape from its mouth, these would be additional rewards?

At this moment, Katerina shouted from the front, "Captain, three units of ballista ammunition have been discovered!"

Three units? That meant 800 crossbows! That meant ammunition was no longer a problem! There must be more ammunition, there must be more good stuff!

He would definitely be able to escape! There must be a strategy! Da Fei's eyes lit up with hope. He shouted excitedly, "Everyone, do your best to search! We will definitely find a way to escape from the wreckage!"

Not long after, Anlicia also received a report. "Wahaha, two units of Deep Sea Ice Crystal Diamond! Have you seen this before? This is the first time I've seen it!"

Cortner couldn’t help but exclaim, “Ice Crystal Diamond? Legend has it that under the extreme cold and high pressure of the trench ten thousand meters deep, the water will completely solidify and never transform. It’s just like how charcoal will turn into diamonds under extreme pressure. This is the origin of the Ice Crystal Diamond! This is something that mortals cannot obtain. Why is it here?”

Anlicia said in surprise, "So it's very valuable?"

Cortner exclaimed, "It's priceless!"

What the f*ck, this sea monster's mouth is too good! It even has such impressive goods, it must have a divine weapon or some other crucial item!

— System Message: You have searched the wreckage of the shipwreck and obtained three units of deep-sea jade coral!

Wahahahaha! Deep-sea products must be of good quality! Three units too! At least hundreds of thousands have been obtained! My fleet has 3,000 cabins, and I only have 2,400 cabins when I come back. I still have a lot of regrets. Isn't this obviously letting me make up for my regrets?

Wahahaha! Search! Continue searching!

For a time, the search team obtained successive harvests. All kinds of deep-sea specialties were discovered one after another. The sailors were filled with joy from their harvests, and they were busy transporting goods. They completely forgot that everyone was still in the mouths of sea demons, and completely forgot that these things still belonged to sea demons.

Finally, a dull but obviously mocking voice echoed in the air once again. "Still a foolish and laughable mortal!"

Tsk! What do you know? I want to find a way to deal with you from the remains! This is called a Strategy Guide reward! Wahahaha!

At this moment, Katerina sailed over. "Captain, something's not right."

Dafei said in surprise, "What's wrong?"

Katerina frowned and said, "Captain, have you noticed? The goods we've found are all extremely rare and priceless deep-sea goods on the market, but they are indeed readily available on the wreckage of the ships here. And from the models of these ships, they don't look like the ships of senior sailors at all. I highly doubt that they want to obtain deep-sea specialties."

Da Fei was stunned! She was right! This was too suspicious! Wait a minute, it was just mocking me for being "still a foolish and ridiculous" mortal. In other words, someone else had done the same thing as me?

F*ck! Isn't that obvious? If it were anyone else, they would probably search for the remains too, right? In other words, searching for the remains wouldn't work!

Da Fei suddenly realized something. "We fell for it! These items are just used to confuse mortals and mislead them!"

Katerina frowned and said, "I think so too. By the time we waste a lot of time on the wreckage, we will have completely lost the chance to escape!"

Da Fei broke out in cold sweat! This sea demon was too cunning. It was totally attacking his weakness!

Wait a minute, what was the weakness of that sea demon? As a Demigod, it was necessary to play tricks on mortals. There must be an unspeakable weakness, right?

What was its weakness? Did it have a fatal weakness in its mouth? Did it need the Godly Reconnaissance Skill to keep an eye on it for half a day and trigger the Godly Reconnaissance Skill to find out its weakness? However, even if it was triggered, it would only lower its Defense by 20% or 30%. For it who had 500 Defense Points, it was nothing at all. It would only increase its Damage Immunity by 95% to 93%. It would not be of any use at all.

Not to mention that it was impossible for such a famous sea monster to be specifically targeted by a God-grade Reconnaissance Skill player. This did not conform to the rules of the game Boss.

Could it be that it was still the same prompt, Odyssey?

Da Fei frowned and asked, "Katerina, do you know about Odyssey?"

Katerina shook her head and sighed. "It's impossible for us to reach the strength of a Mythical Hero like him. Besides, he's not fighting alone."

Da Fei hurriedly said, "What I mean is, Odyssey must have killed its way out through a hole in its mouth, right? We can also rush out from the path he opened before! That must be the wounds of the sea demons. The defense there must be inferior to the others!"

Katerina was suddenly enlightened. "As expected of Captain! Legend has it that heroes from the mythical era like Odyssey are all divine. The wounds that were hit by their attacks might not fully recover. They might not even have the ability to recover on their own!"

That must be it! Da Fei was overjoyed. "Then, let's find this wound! The rest of you, continue moving!"

Wahahahaha! So this is the real reward of a guide! If this doesn't work, I'll smash the glass of the hero agent.

(So I really got onto the newspaper, and it's a rare creature from the online literature industry. Haha, wahaha!)