Chapter 258: Fighting Bad Luck

Junwen

Now the whole fleet was busy. Katerina herself directed the sailors to secure the huge, sloping hull of the whaler with ropes, and to place the ship’s cargo back in place and tie it tight. As she reduced the pressure of the rip, she corrected the tilting state of the ship.

That's right. When a ship is about to sink, balance is the most important thing. Otherwise, it will sink faster. Sears usually stand at the tilted end of the ship to press against the ship and throw all the cargo away. Now, not dumping the cargo but also ensuring balance is indeed quite a test of brainpower. Da Fei had to admit that he could not do it.

As for the new captain of Serbia, he was even more enthusiastic. The first thing he did was to mobilize the sailors on Octopus to sweep the ship and use various purification spells to clean the cabin.

Whale Catcher’s cargo was piled up on one side of the cabin, and the deck was exposed high, making it look like an aircraft carrier. The tilted hull was slowly pressed upright, and for a moment, the entire team breathed a sigh of relief. At least for the time being, it wouldn’t immediately collapse.

However, the water would still seep in from the cracked cabin floor, so the Whale Catcher sailors had to scoop water from three shifts. Of course, this wouldn’t last long. They had to find an island to dock, unload all their goods, and undergo complete repairs.

And the only island that Da Fei knew of was the Miracle Island of the Underworld! Now, Da Fei could only pray that Whale Catcher could last until there.

All in all, everything was ready. The fleet set off again, and the speed was as slow as a turtle's crawl! Da Fei's heart tightened. At this speed, he might not even be able to reach it for a month! Then, he could only pray that he would encounter a small island along the way and be able to unload and repair it.

When the silver moon in the sky went from round to deficient, the first day of the Underworld passed. On this day, Da Fei had never been so worried! He was even more worried than when he was at the Floating Ice Ocean!

A crescent moon rose in the sky as a new day arrived.

— System Message: You explored the sea before the predecessors arrived and drew a nautical chart. You and your sub-hero received an Expert-level Navigator EXP + 400. You received an additional 40,000 EXP!

— System Message: All Heroes received 100 EXP from Alesia's Junior Voyager, + 10,000 EXP from additional exploration!

— System Message: Cortner's Intermediate Voyager provides 200 EXP to all heroes, + 20,000 EXP for additional exploration!

— System Message: Katerina obtained information on Grandmaster Pirates!

Looking at the row of messages that suddenly appeared on the screen, Da Fei's eyebrows jumped in shock! The predecessors had not arrived? Drawing a sea map? Additional EXP?

Da Fei hurriedly checked the Voyager attribute introduction!

— Expert Voyager: The Hero's Ship's speed increases by an additional 40 points at sea. The effect is superimposed with Nautical Skill. Hero receives an additional free attribute point reward for an additional sub-occupation every 2 levels. Hero's sub-hero gain 400 EXP daily at sea.

400 points! Expert Level 400 points, Elementary Level 100 points, Intermediate and Advanced Levels 200,300 points respectively. It's better than nothing. I'll jump once every day. It's always been neglected by me. Has the additional exploration experience increased by 100 times?

Alright! Although it was better than nothing to have 70,000 experience points per person every day, it was still 2,000,000 experience points per month. Everyone could level up, and it was better than nothing.

What was going on with the sea map? Da Fei hurriedly opened the current map. It was a black screen. In the middle of the black screen was a short blue line, indicating that the highlight of his fleet was on the arrowhead. This was the map he had explored in the Dark Sea? And the direction the arrow was pointing at was the distant Miracle Island of the Underworld. That was also a small bright spot.

Lighthouse! Da Fei could not help but sigh. If he had not left a military building there, he would not know where to go.

At this moment, the ship shook and a loud sound was heard. A red light exploded in front of Da Fei!

— System Message: Fire alarm! An explosion occurred in the storage warehouse on the second deck of the Wings of Light! Please put out the fire immediately!

Explosion! Are you serious! Da Fei ran out of the pilot's cabin in shock and saw thick smoke and flames behind the ship! Da Fei's balls shattered all over the ground! What the heck! This was the first time he had encountered a fire since he started sailing!

"Quickly put out the fire!"

All the sailors on the ship were busy and finally put out the fire. At this time, the entire tail compartment had been blown up, and the cargo hold had been blackened.

Da Fei was stunned. "Is this the power of misfortune?"

At this moment, Cortner, who was covered in dust, sighed and said, "Although bad luck is a good excuse, in all fairness, this is my responsibility. It is a hidden danger left behind when I modified the cabin without permission."

Katerina sighed. "It seems that Mr. Cortner stacked the oil used for searchlights with the canvas used for repairing the ship. Fortunately, the goods on the ship are all ores and are not afraid of fire. Otherwise, the losses would be even greater."

Cortner sighed. "Back then, in order to build a concert hall on the ship, I occupied the warehouse. All the miscellaneous items could only be stored together, and nothing happened. I didn't expect something to happen today!"

Dafei was suddenly enlightened!

Whether it was the rupture of the whaling ship yesterday or the fire today, they did not come out of nowhere. They were all reasonable! In other words, as long as there was a safety hazard, even if it was a very unreliable and difficult safety hazard, absolute misfortune could immediately turn it into an accident!

I see!

Da Fei anxiously said, "Safety check! The fleet will carry out a safety check and eliminate all potential threats! Oh right, what kind of safety hazards can the fleet encounter?"

Katerina could not help but be stunned. "There should be a rat plague. More rats can spread the plague. In short, exterminate the rats and clean them up! Of course, this is a little difficult for the navy."

Cortner said, "The cargo has collapsed! Our ship is carrying very heavy ore. Once it collapses, it might destroy the deck. The consequences are unpredictable!"

Dafei hurriedly said, "What else? What else?"

Katerina was stupefied for a moment before she sighed helplessly. "I can't remember. In short, it's fireproof, miceproof, and collapseproof. Especially the Whale Catcher, we must be on high alert!"

Da Fei waved his hand and shouted into the megaphone, "All fleets, pay attention! We are in the Underworld. The environment is dangerous. In order to survive this crisis, all sailors must increase the security checks. All ship captains must supervise and ensure that everything is in place…"

All of a sudden, all the ships were in an uproar. Whale Catcher was especially important. Da Fei specially assigned 10 sailors to catch mice and clean them up. Since the ship was already moving so slowly, he did not care how many people there were in the flagship. He spent the entire day cleaning.

The next day, another row of navigation messages appeared.

Da Fei was once bitten by a snake for ten years. He once again mobilized the entire fleet to conduct a security check. The results of the investigation were immediate. Nothing happened today.

Very good, I want to do it every day, and once I do it, I will do it for an entire day! I want to do a big “Fight for the Great Captain’s Grand Voyage for 30 days” activity!

Thus, the following two days passed peacefully.

Da Fei felt that he had found a way to fight against bad luck!

As the saying goes, when a poor person is possessed by a ghost, there is no smoke without fire. Why are some people always unlucky? They step on dog poop when they go out, they meet pickpockets when they get on the bus, they get scolded by their leaders at work, they get hit by a car when they get off work, all of these can actually be used as objective reasons!

Don't masturbate in the middle of the night. Take good care of yourself. The next day, when you walk, you will naturally be energized. Your eyes will naturally brighten. You won't step on dog shit. You won't let the pickpocket feel that you have an opportunity to take advantage of your drowsiness. You won't be scolded by the leaders because you lost your wallet and went to work late. You won't leave a bad impression on the leaders and lose the chance to improve your future!

In other words, bad luck was actually accumulating bit by bit, ultimately affecting fate!

On the contrary, bad luck was not invincible. As long as he was strict and did not leave any hidden dangers, he would be able to fight against bad luck to the greatest extent! In fact, look at those famous people in the world who were doing well. Which one of them was not strict and disciplined?

Da Fei, who suddenly understood everything, was full of confidence! Come on, it's definitely bad luck, right? I'm going to fight with you for 30 days. Unless you want me to explode in the sky, I have nothing to say.

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']