Chapter 259: The Sacred Song Of The Nether Sea

Da Fei's fleet had been drifting in the Dark Sea for four days. Other than the Undead Fish that he encountered at the beginning, he basically did not encounter any danger. They were all the occasional Undead Fish that wandered around, and he did not encounter any large sea monsters. This made Da Fei feel more at ease and a little uncomfortable.

This was the Netherworld Sea, not the Sea God's territory, so the curse wouldn't work. They wouldn't send sea monsters to kill me, right? That would be good. If the sea monsters really came to the Netherworld, and the monster transformed into the Skiralivitan Octopus couldn't control the situation and started attacking, the consequences would be unimaginable.

In fact, judging from the open beta, it would be difficult for players to encounter a Boss-level monster in the vast sea, let alone a sea monster. If it was really a normal (d * mn) mode, it probably wouldn't be as dangerous as they imagined, right? Hopefully.

A new day began. Another row of Voyager System notifications appeared.

— System Message: You explored the sea before the predecessors arrived and drew a nautical chart. You and your sub-hero received an Expert-level Navigator EXP + 400. You received an additional 40,000 EXP!

— System Message: Katerina obtained information on Grandmaster Pirates!

• • •

But this time, it was different. There was a new row of content today!

— System Message: You have obtained the skill "Crisis Management" skill information.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, obtained the skill information of "Crisis Management".

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has received "Crisis Management"…

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia has received "Crisis Management"…

— System Message: Your Chamber of Commerce member Spielberg received "Crisis Management"…

— System Message: Your fleet member Cortner has received "Crisis Management"…

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Everyone got the information? What the heck, this is a hidden skill? So this misfortune can really train people? But I've been managing it for three days, why did it only get the information today? Could it be that the system recognized the effect of the management?

No matter what! A skill that can be upgraded collectively is a good skill! Very good! Then I'll fight till the end!

Da Fei continued shouting through the loudspeaker. "Sailors, continue to work hard today! When we break through the encirclement, I'll give everyone three times the year-end bonus!"

The sailors cheered, and the adjutants who had received the news and felt the improvement were even more motivated to patrol the area, not sparing a single rat hole or cockroach nest. In short, today would definitely be a day of passion.

But today was different. Alicia's sensitive nose had noticed something unusual. She had mobilized her sailors to rummage through the cabinets and found a hidden rat nest. The rat in the rat nest was already dead. Judging from the stiffness of the corpse, it seemed that it had died not long ago. It had only been a day or two.

With the survival ability of rats, they would definitely not starve to death! If people starved to death, they would not die. There must be something fishy about the death of rats!

What the heck! As an expert player, it was obvious what he had discovered. Da Fei realized how serious the problem was! It turned out that the dangerous part of the Dark Sea was to kill people without leaving a trace!

Da Fei called for another adjutant meeting. Everyone was surrounding this dead rat with solemn expressions.

Cortner frowned. "There is only one answer. The death energy of the Nether Sea has taken away their weak lives. Perhaps, it will be our turn next!"

Da Fei's heart tightened. That was what he thought too!

Alicia sighed. "Not perhaps, but definitely! The Netherworld is not a place where life stays long!"

I also know that we can’t stay here for long. The question is, will we be able to hold on until we get out? Do we have to abandon the Whale Catcher at the last moment and go at full speed? The problem is, even if we get to Miracle Island, we don’t know if we can get out. The moon is so big in the sky now, and Renoir isn’t waking up. Do I have to rely on myself?

Looking at the handicapped Turbo Crystal in his hand, Da Fei's heart tightened again. At the end of the day, this divine artifact crystal clearly lost part of its handle, causing its function to be incomplete. Should he repair it? Damn, how is that possible! Where did we find such a talent!

Da Fei could only sigh. "Then how do we reduce the influence of the death aura?"

Everyone's eyes focused on Serbia again. That's right, why are some generous troops equipped with accompanying priests? That's the purpose.

Serbia nodded and smiled. "I can sing blessings and holy songs for everyone every day, but I don't have enough magic power!"

Everyone's eyes focused on Alicia, especially Serbia, whose eyes were burning! Damn, I get it!

Anlicia said unnaturally, "Hey, hey, why are you looking at me?"

Da Fei sighed slightly, took out the Turbo Crystal, and chuckled. "Alicia, come, I'll give you a new thing this time. Let's exchange our good stuff for fun!"

Alicia sighed slightly. "I'm not a child…"

Serbia said calmly, "I'm not a child either…"

Da Fei sighed. "That's good. We're not kids! Let's start changing our equipment." What the heck, this is my harem! We have to be harmonious, welcome competition for favor, and not quarrel over equipment!

Serbia finally got his wish and said excitedly, "Okay, I'm going back to the ship to prepare for the Holy Song Ceremony."

Katerina said in a deep voice, "Everyone, please be careful. We can't let the sailors know about this. Once they know, they will definitely fall into despair and panic. At that time, their morale will be low and they will be hard to command!"

Everyone nodded in agreement. F*ck, being a leader is indeed not a good thing. Look at the little nun's expression of deep agreement. Once she became a captain, she became bad!

Now, the holy and resonant song lingered in the air above the fleet. The crew members immediately felt their fatigue ease, their spirits lifted, and their minds became tranquil.

Cortner was so excited that his eyes were brimming with tears. "As expected of my chosen poet * *. She's really talented in singing. Even I, a believer of Nature, will be cured by her singing! Okay, then I'll play a piece of Messiah!"

Everyone applauded. Only then did Da Fei remember that he had given Serbia a Poet Skill Book! What the heck! He had never learned it. Now, all his Skill Points were spent on Nautical Skill. Wasn't this deliberately annoying? Sigh, it doesn't matter. Since she took the initiative to learn Nautical Skill and did not ask to learn his Poet Skill, she must have her own ideas. Let her go.

For a time, the holy song echoed in the sky above the boundless sea of the netherworld. In this terrifying and uneasy sea of death, this was undoubtedly the most peaceful and beautiful music. It symbolized the grace of God, bringing endless courage to the sailors.

However, courage did not equate to strength. Singing such a song that was obviously a challenge would not cause trouble for the local Dead Spirit Sea monsters, right? He would take it one step at a time. Sigh.