Chapter 265: New Friend

Da Fei's fleet rushed out of the dark blue light screen around the island. In the gray sky, the dark sea reflected

into view.

— System Message: You have discovered Fatalon while exploring the waters before the predecessors arrived. You have received additional exploration experience.

+ 200,000!

Da Fei looked back and saw that Fatalon was covered by a semi-circular dark screen. A faint white light beam shot out from the dark screen.

The sky shot up into the dark sky of the Netherworld.

It really has the aura of a small paradise on the Dark Sea! Just based on this aura, I'll build a base here!

Da Fei opened the sea map. A bright spot finally appeared on the pitch-black sea map. Fatalon's position was away from Miracle Island.

It seemed farther. There was nothing more to say. Now that the ship had been repaired, all of them were alert and vigilant, ready to defend themselves at full speed.

Enter!

Not long after, Da Fei's message sounded.

Oh? In this lonely Dark Sea, a goddess came from afar. What a joy! Da Fei hurriedly opened it.

He took a look at the message. What the f*ck, an invincible soldier! What a wet blanket.

"Brother Fei, is Eastern Sword your friend?"

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned. Eastern Sword? Wasn't it killed by him during the competition two days ago? Could it be that he was in the Imperial City?

He was targeted by his enemies in the family chat?

Dafei asked, "What's the matter?"

The soldier hurriedly said, "This Yi Donglai is working in Erolyn. Blood Sea Studio heard that he is related to Big Brother and is looking for him.

Where's his trouble? "

Da Fei frowned. Trouble him? Da Fei hurriedly asked, "Did Blood Sea Studio cause any trouble for you?"

The soldier laughed. “We’ve been looking for him for a long time. We’re always looking at each other in the city! But don’t worry, big brother. We’re strong-willed.”

"Very well. We didn't lose face for big brother! We can handle this small matter, and we won't trouble big brother to let him know."

Oh, could he be saying, "If you dare to touch me, our Big Brother will do something to you?" What the heck!

Back then, when he wasn't the president, he didn't like hearing such things. When he met such lackeys, he would directly chop them to death! But now, he was the president.

I love hearing this kind of words! This person will change as soon as he becomes an official, wahahaha!

Da Fei smiled and asked, "Then, what did that Sword from the East say?"

The soldier sighed. "He's too crafty! When he was surrounded, he only said, so what if I know him? I'm afraid of you.

We can't? That's why I came over to ask Shi Shang what happened. "

Da Fei laughed out loud! Why was he so awesome? However, it made sense. He had fought with him in the preliminaries. If it weren't for that, he would have been defeated.

He was a god-tier Reconnaissance Skill user, so it was very likely that he would be defeated by him. In the entire China server, he could be considered the best.

Was he a top expert? No matter what game he was playing, this type of ambush expert was the most dangerous. Even if he didn't want to be friends with him,

But at the very least, he should not become his enemy.

Also, the enemies of the enemy usually have a high chance of becoming friends, right? That's good too. If I can meet him, I'll be considered as an ape's dung. I'm now a big brother.

He believed in ape feces.

Dafei proudly said, "If there's any trouble that he can't handle, just take care of him. If the sky falls, I'll hold it up.

Can you protect him? "

After joining the guild for so many days, Brother Fei finally used it! The soldier was ecstatic: "Brother Fei is the number one amateur in the world!"

“As long as Brother Fei is behind us, even if he’s a god, I would dare to stab him!”

What the heck, a standard lackey. I like him! Da Fei laughed and said, "Alright, don't say anything when the time comes.

Just say that I like him. "

"Understood!"

• • •

Every youth had a heart that yearned to become famous, but most of them had fallen on the path to fame.

For the past two days, Sword from the East had been lost. Originally, he had been brimming with confidence, wanting to take advantage of the preliminaries to become famous.

Unfortunately, he met Da Fei. And unfortunately, his battle result was 0.

Then, he unwillingly watched Da Fei's video. Then, he realized the difference between him and Da Fei.

It was too big. How could he behead a person who was chased by Wild Thunder and not die after being attacked by hundreds of people?

Perhaps it could still be done, but it was infinitely uncertain.

Not only that, he realized that he was not Da Fei's match. He might not even be Da Fei's match.

And the opponents of the undying players. And in the qualifiers of the past two days, there had been a large number of experts in the China server. Not every expert had their own.

Perhaps, for a player like him who had deleted his account and started over again, losing a precious opportunity was difficult.

To make up for the difference.

Sword of Eastern Emergence began to feel restless, beginning to waver in his own path of leveling up.

Our societies advocate success, but we do face the reality of failure.

The Eastern Sword didn't know how to face defeat. He became dejected, impatient, and easily angered!

Just as he was thinking about his next course of action in the Chamber of Commerce, a few unfriendly players came to find trouble.

: "You are Eastern Sword? Are you Da Fei's friend?"

Yi Jian Donglai was already in a bad mood, and he was even more upset when he heard Da Fei's name! F*ck off!

Silence. Which dog did you associate me with Da Fei? Ah, wait! Could it be Da Fei's enemy is here to look for me?

Difficult?

Alright! I hate Da Fei for not having enough enemies. I hate people who are not arrogant enough! Let me lower my head and run around in connections!

No, it's too easy for me to make enemies and offend people. Then, I'll offend a few more people for Da Fei.

Well.

Yi Donglai said coldly, "None of your business!"

The players' expressions changed, and they shouted, "We're asking if you know Da Fei!"

I know him! I know this account! But do I know him? Does he know me? Every young man has a sense of pride.

Of course, he wanted to pretend to be his friend and ruin his reputation, but Yi Jian Donglai didn't care about being so shameless.

The best way was to deny it and let them misunderstand.

Yi Donglai cast a sidelong glance at everyone and said arrogantly, "So what if I know you? Do you think I'm afraid of you?"

What the heck! "

F*ck! That's too arrogant! The surrounding players were in an uproar. The few players who asked the question said with a dark expression, "We are too arrogant!"

It's from Blood Sea Studio. We want the whole server to arrest the traitor Da Fei. Don't have anything to do with him. Otherwise,

I'll kill you until you reach Level 0, then you won't dare to leave the city like those bastards! "

Yi Donglai laughed wildly. "So what if it's related to me? If you have the guts, why don't you cut me down in the city? Don't you dare!"

Right? Blood Sea Studio is nothing! "

The players were furious. "You don't want to stay in this city anymore!"

Eastern Sword pointed at the players' noses and laughed, "I thought your Chestnut Studio would let me stay."

What about the China server? Blood Sea Studio. Do you dare to accept my challenge? "

The surrounding players laughed.

"Who the f*ck dares to laugh!" The players from Blood Sea angrily swept their eyes across the crowd. "You don't want to stay in the city anymore, right? If you don't want to, you can!"

"F*ck off! There are plenty of maps for leveling up and killing monsters, but there's only one city that can run long distance specialties!"

At this moment, a loud laugh came from outside the crowd. "Yi Donglai, if you have the guts, call out 'Blood Sea ChestHair Studio' again!"

? "

Everyone could not help but look out of the crowd in shock. It was indeed the two lackeys of Da Fei Merchant Association, the Invincible Armament Soldier. Invincible Big Brother!

Of course, Yi Jian Donglai didn't know who it was, nor did he care who it was. He was hoping that the matter would blow up, so he didn't even think about it.

He said, "Blood Sea Studio, do you dare to accept my call?"

The invincible soldier laughed maniacally. "I'll agree on their behalf! Blood Sea Studio is awesome! Not even awesome!"

Yi Jian Donglai could not help but be stunned. Meanwhile, those Blood Sea players shouted angrily, "The bastard who doesn't dare to leave the city!"

The Invincible Armament Soldier smiled and said, "People from our Commerce Organization go out of the city every day to shop. No one can do anything to them, right?"

Of course, the soldier knew that those people were spies from Blood Sea Studio, so he used them to provoke him.

At that moment, another group of people arrived outside the crowd. The leader said loudly, "Our Blood Sea Studio is clear about gratitude and grudges.

"I only kill lackeys, country thieves, scammers, and accomplices. I won't attack normal players."

Instantly, the crowd applauded. That person was of course one of the big shots of Blood Sea Studio, "The sky and the sea are one color".

The Invincible Armament Soldier smiled coldly. "Yo, the tycoon is so free even if he stays in the city all day. He's afraid of being cut off by our Brother Fei when he goes out to sea."

Are you done? Don't worry, Brother Fei is very busy and can't be bothered to deal with you. "

Hai Tian and Hai Tian said disdainfully, "I'm doing a merchant association mission. What do you know?" Then, they smiled at the surrounding players.

He said, "Some people, no matter how famous they are, are trash. There are also some people who think that they can do whatever they want just because they are trash.

Let's go. This kind of lackey won't be able to be arrogant for long. Da Fei, this piece of trash, won't be able to run around for more than a few days. I'll say it here, everyone.

"Let's go to the forum to post a thread as proof. Alright, everyone, get busy."

At once, the crowd dispersed.

Hai Tianyi didn't bother to look at the invincible soldier and left proudly.

That's right, Brother Tian had his own reasons for saying that. His reason was that Raging Sea of Blood had made progress in the Barren Islands.

…

Although the Barren Pirates had a new leader, they had lost a lot in the civil war. Furthermore, Barak was badly injured and needed to recuperate.

They had basically lost their ability to hunt, and the pirates had always respected strength. The other pirate forces that saw an opportunity were not satisfied.

After receiving the dividends, they used the excuse of assisting in the defense to prevent the kingdom's forces from interfering to further increase their forces to enter the Barren Island.

His intentions were clear. The pirates in the Barren Archipelago did not weaken, but instead became stronger than before.

Raging Sea of Blood had successfully formed alliances among many factions. With benefits, the various factions would restrict each other and counterattack.

He was no longer a threat to the Barren Archipelago. It had to be said that this required quite an impressive diplomatic skill. Raging Sea of Blood relied on him.

This mouth had succeeded among the pirates who believed in strength!

Not only that, as the number two character, Raging Sea of Blood even vaguely found the trick to indirectly mobilize other NPC pirate forces.

Door! That was the information provided by the NPC caravan by King Tian from the kingdom. Raging Sea of Blood then passed the information to the pirates.

He had achieved his goal of getting someone else to do his dirty work for him! According to the current situation, he would continue to accumulate pirate reputation. In time, Raging Sea of Blood would not be able to kill him!

He could definitely mobilize all the pirates!

• • •

Now, the Invincible Armament stepped forward, patted Yi Donglai's shoulder, and said with a smile, "We are from Brother Fei's Dragon Knight Merchant Association. You

You are so classy. We find you pleasing to the eye. Can you be our friend? "

A faint smile appeared on Yi Donglai's face. "I like you too!"

The two of them laughed out loud, leaving Unrivaled Super Hottie speechless.