Chapter 267: Dark Sea Storm Arrives

Da Fei's fleet had been away from Fatalon for three days. They were safe and sound along the way. The red dot sea monsters they encountered on the radar were all outside the perimeter and did not pose any threat. They were probably wild monsters without any organization.

Voyager still gave him experience every day, but what puzzled Da Fei was that the mysterious "crisis management" skill information did not appear. What was going on? Could it be that everyone was not putting in the effort? No, after receiving Samael's blessing, everyone became even more energetic and worked harder.

A new day had begun. The Voyager was giving him experience again. At the same time, the long-awaited skill information finally appeared.

— System Message: You have obtained the skill "Crisis Management" skill information.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, obtained the skill information of "Crisis Management".

• • •

Da Fei was suddenly enlightened. He remembered that the last time he sent a message was three days after he came to the Dark Sea. Did that mean that this skill message had to be sent three days later?

That's not right! As an experienced expert, Da Fei did not think that there would be such a strange understanding setting in the game. Da Fei was certain of one thing: If he wanted to obtain the skill information, the current situation would definitely meet the requirements to obtain the skill!

“Since this skill is called ‘Crisis Management’, then as its name implies, the fleet is currently in a crisis. Three days ago, they were not in a crisis. Why is this happening?

Samael had said before that I didn't eliminate bad luck by guarding against hidden dangers. I just made it impossible for bad luck to find an opportunity to strike. In other words, the power of bad luck accumulated over the past three days formed a crisis! That was the answer!

In other words, the current situation was like a flood that was surrounded high up in the dam. It was fine if he did not make a mistake, but if he made a mistake, it would be a fatal blow to the dam! This was not as simple as just burning the cargo cabin and turning it black. It was very likely that once the fire started, it would immediately use the wind to burn the entire ship!

Then, what he had to do now was to find trouble with the enemy! To be precise, it was to let the enemy share his burden! That's right, this crisis management information should be a warning.

There was nothing much to say. Da Fei saw a bunch of red dot sea monsters gathered on the right side of the sea. They did not look very strong. It was just them.

When Da Fei's fleet approached, the red dot sea monsters seemed to have felt threatened long ago. They immediately dived into the water to escape and disappeared!

Da Fei was stunned! What the heck! Why were they so alert? Da Fei had no choice but to target another group of sea monsters in the distance. The same thing happened. Before the fleet could get close, the sea monsters disappeared without a trace!

It turned out that being powerful was also such a painful thing!

I'll use the old method, Stealth Sailing! I don't believe that even the Single-Horned Whale King has fallen for it. Why should I be afraid of trash sea monsters like you?

Trace could only use one ship, so Da Fei had no choice but to leave Whale and Octopus far behind. Then, Radiance Wings turned into nothingness in the rising fog and quietly approached another group of monsters.

As expected, they were close! Wahahaha! I knew it! How could you resist my divine skill!

However, before Da Fei could rejoice for long, the group of sea monsters immediately became frightened and uneasy. With another splash, they disappeared into the water!

Da Fei was stunned! What was going on? More alert than the Single-Horned Whale King? Or was this Dark Sea unsuitable for playing Godly Skills? Or had the life force on the ship scared them away? Damn! These monsters were too cowardly, weren't they?

I have no choice. If I really can't do it, I'll continue singing. I'll attract some stronger sea monsters to come and find trouble with me! As long as my fleet is in a normal state, I can still fight them.

And at this time, purple light flashed in the sky—Boom! A thunderclap resounded through the skies!

The sailors exclaimed, "The Whale Catcher has been struck by lightning!"

Da Fei's heart trembled violently. He rushed out of the cockpit and looked at Whale Catcher, which was parked at the back. It was indeed burning!

Da Fei was stunned! He was really hit by lightning!! How was that possible! He had said that his Godly Luck Skill could resist the Heavenly Fate! How could he be hit by lightning?

Wait a minute! It's my fault! I ran too far, causing Whale Hunter and Octopus to not be in the same battlefield!

Da Fei hurriedly shouted, "Passing down orders! Passing orders to gather! The fleet will gather!"

At this moment, Da Fei suddenly saw a faint black smoke rising from Whale Catcher and Octopus from afar. The black smoke spiraled into a faint dark cloud above the ship! That's right, it was a dark cloud. He could not feel it when he was close, but he could see it from afar!

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock. Could this be the legendary extremely unlucky bad luck?

In other words, those sea monsters had actually run away cleanly when they saw how unlucky this god of plague was? F*ck! This must be the case!

Now the fleet met up again. The Whaler's fire was put out at once. The ship shone with golden light. Serbia was saving lives.

Da Fei hurriedly boarded Whale Catcher and asked in surprise, "Are the casualties high? Are the losses high?"

Spielberg wiped the cold sweat on his head and said with lingering fear, "Fortunately, this lightning struck the cargo hold. The cargo hold is filled with ores, so it has no effect at all."

"That's good! That's good!" That's too sinister! Looking at the blackened deck, Da Fei could not help but secretly rejoice.

According to the legends, I should have used up a little bit of the power of misfortune after being struck by the lightning. However, judging from the aura of the dark clouds, this was obviously not enough. I still have to look for sea monsters to get rid of my bad luck. The problem is that the wild monsters run away when they encounter me. They don't give me a chance!

Unless they found some local and powerful undead to cause trouble. The problem was—

Da Fei suddenly realized that he had made a serious mistake. He did not ask Samael about the distribution of the surrounding Undead forces! What the heck, since he knew that the Undead God was called Bayam, it meant that he knew the surrounding very well! In the end, he did not say anything even if I did not ask! This was too much of a pain in the ass! At the very least, he should have reminded me to be careful when I went out to sea. Why did I have to be so careful? What the heck, isn't this nonsense?! I'll be the same no matter who I meet.

There was nothing he could do now. He could not search everywhere like a headless fly. He could only travel in a straight line towards the Sea of Miracles. According to his current speed, it would take about half a month to reach the island. This distance was not much closer than going from Eloreen to Fire Dragon Island! F*ck, he did not believe that he would not encounter any sea monsters on such a long journey. In short, whoever met him would be unlucky. Speaking of which, how should he calculate the price of this long journey? According to the theory of junior high physics, a straight line distance between two points was useful. It was useless for him to take a detour from the Sea of Miracles. What a headache.

After the fleet was reorganized, they set off once again. After being struck by lightning, all the crew members were still fearful and did not dare to be negligent. They did not even need the captains to urge them. This lightning was not completely useless, was it?

The fourth day of sailing passed nervously.

On the fifth day, another row of familiar system messages appeared.

Da Fei looked around. The vast Dark Sea was boundless. Above his head, black clouds were swirling and pressing down like a whirlpool. What the heck, why is it so dark? Was it still the color of his testicles yesterday? And the area had become so big? Are you kidding me? Are you trying to blacken me to death? Can my Godly Luck withstand "destiny"?

Da Fei was extremely conflicted. He hoped that some stupid sea monsters would come and find trouble with him. However, today, not to mention the red dot sea monsters on the radar, he did not even see any bones, small fish, or fish bubbles! What did it mean that life was not going as planned? This was it! When he did not want to meet sea monsters, large numbers of sea monsters attacked him with three exception. When he wanted to find sea monsters, he could not even find their shadow?

The only thing he could do now was to be careful! He had to hold on until he found the sea monster that took the blame for him!

Not only did the silver moon that was like a wheel in the sky become dimmer and darker, a new day began when the silver moon descended. However, the moon did not rise again!

The sky was filled with dark clouds, the sea was raging, and waves were surging!

Da Fei was shocked! What was going on? This was the tempo of a storm!

What the heck! Is this bad luck? That's impossible, right? How can my bad luck set off such a huge commotion? This should be a normal weather forecast, right? I definitely have bad luck and encountered a storm. Do I still want to live?!

• • •

Fathalon. The wind howled. The waves beat against the shore. Vegetation flew.

Samael stood in the wind and looked up into the sky, muttering to himself, "A butterfly cannot fly beyond the sea, but a flap of its wings can indeed stir up a storm on the other side of the ocean. Mortal, how big of a storm can you stir in this vast sea of the underworld? I'll wait and see!"

(New Year's New Year's Eve, Cigarette Vat is also registered on Weibo, which is nicknamed "Weibo of the Huge Cigarette Vat". If anyone is interested, come and be a fan! Anywhere, please vote at the beginning of the month.)