Chapter 263: The Secret Of The Luck Spell

Da Fei did not expect to get an answer from Samael. He immediately listened attentively.

Samael said calmly, "If I'm not wrong, your absolute misfortune was caused by a treasure, right?"

Da Fei quickly took out a gold coin and showed it to him. "Sir, you have great foresight."

Samael frowned. "I see. This is the gold coin of misfortune that demons use to tempt mortals!"

Da Fei's eyebrows twitched. "But this is obviously a Luck Gold Coin. The skill on it is also a Luck God!"

Samael laughed out loud. "How can an item that is unlucky for 30 days and lucky for one day be a lucky gold coin?" Then, Samael said seriously, "Demons also need faith, anger, jealousy, lust, fear, misfortune, and other negative states. They are the source of the demon's faith. The skill of this lucky god is not a real lucky god. There is no such god at all. This is just an advance payment of the mortal's life's luck. When the mortal uses up his life's luck, this treasure will completely lose its effect, and the mortal will welcome the ultimate destruction! In other words, this must be a tool used by a demon god that uses misfortune as the source of faith to deceive the mortals and make them provide the power of faith!"

Da Fei suddenly realized something! He remembered that the Gambling God had said that this gold coin was picked up from the corpse of the luckiest person in the Dwarf Kingdom! That meant that the richest person had used up all his luck in his life, so he had to die. Similarly, this also explained why the Gambling God could comprehend the Spell of Misfortune! At that time, I was playing a scam with him. He squandered the little luck he had left, and both parties were in the stage of comprehending and breaking through. In the end, I became a Grandmaster, and he also reached a new realm!

From the look of relief on his face, reaching a new realm was probably the opportunity for him to start a new life. No wonder he kept saying that he was afraid of the Luck Spell. No wonder he gave away the divine weapon without any reluctance!

Samael said in a deep voice, "Mortal, I'll give you a piece of advice. You definitely can't use this item in the future! Although you are the Son of Destiny, and you won't be destroyed in the end, even if you are not in a bad luck state, all kinds of things that can't kill monsters will follow you like a shadow! Of course, mortals don't seem to like advice, and this is also the most adorable thing about mortals, haha!"

He had a divine weapon, but he was not allowed to use it? Da Fei was stunned. "Cute?"

Samael shook his head and said with a smile, "That's right. Mortals are usually like this. Even if they can see the disadvantages and risks, they will still throw themselves into it when they see the benefits in front of them. Speaking of which, if mortals are really as meticulous as gods, what fun would there be in this world? Would you still take a huge risk to help me in a dangerous place like the Nether Sea?"

Da Fei laughed. "You're right, my Lord. Others might not dare to say it, but at least that's my problem." I won't tell you that I've done multi-level marketing before. Hmph.

Samael nodded again. "Alright, let's talk about your biggest question. You want to know why the sea monsters that attack you are possessed by misfortune, right?"

Da Fei quickly nodded. "Please enlighten me!"

Samael said in a deep voice, "Although this Luck Gold Coin is fake, the skill that increases the upper limit of the level 1 Luck Skill on the Gold Coin is real. In other words, you have temporarily reached the realm of the God-level Luck Skill. Do you know what the meaning of God-level Luck is? The meaning of God-level Luck is to fight against Heaven's Will!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "Against the heavenly mandate?"

Samael nodded. "That's right! Many mortals think that Luck Points can replace Luck Spells, so many mortals will be equipped with treasures that add Luck. Then, do you know the difference between a god-level Luck Spell 7 Luck and a person who doesn't know how to use equipment to make it 7 Luck?"

Da Fei immediately shook his head humbly.

Samael said in a deep voice, "The difference is that even if you are in an absolute unlucky state, your Luck Points are infinitesimally negative. You can still use your own efforts to eliminate all hidden dangers and prevent accidents from happening. As for people who are not Godly Luck, once their Luck Points become infinitesimally negative, heh heh, it's hard to say. Even if they are struck by lightning or meteorites, it's not impossible!"

Da Fei was shocked. "This absolute misfortune can really be struck by lightning?"

Samael nodded. "That's right! Otherwise, how can it be called 'absolute misfortune'? Only those who have at least reached the grandmaster level of luck can barely use the Evil Demon's gold coin of misfortune. Under the premise of resisting the mandate of heaven, the rest is up to the person to do it. And you've been doing very well these few days, not letting the misfortune have any chance to take advantage of you! And this doesn't mean that you've eliminated the misfortune, but only allowing the power of misfortune to accumulate in large quantities. Once you don't persist and make a slight mistake, then you can imagine the consequences. It's definitely destruction! Can you guarantee that you won't make any mistakes in the next 20 days?"

Da Fei was shocked.

Samael smiled and said, "However, the drama's turn has come. Your enemy has appeared. Actually, not only did I observe you for two to three days, but they also observed you for a longer time. There might be many reasons why they did not attack you. For example, they have never seen a ship. Of course, the biggest possibility is that they mistook you for the person of the Demon of Misfortune. If you did not sing, I would have thought that you were the person of the Demon God. In short, when your enemy appears in front of you, the accumulated power of misfortune will automatically find an outlet. In short, when it's time for you to be unlucky, you are not unlucky. Then only others will be unlucky!"

Da Fei suddenly realized something. "When I'm not unlucky, only others are unlucky!"

Wasn't this the same theory as the God of Gambling's theory that "if someone is lucky, others must be unlucky"?

Samael smiled and said, "That's right. The Demon King of Misfortune that I mentioned just now is also based on this principle. They use misfortune as their source of power, but they are not affected by bad luck themselves, so they can bring bad luck to others. That is to say, if you can completely control bad luck—of course, this is very unrealistic. Even Godly Luck or Godly Misfortune can't do it. Therefore, I still advise you not to use this demon gold coin in the future."

— System Message: You received information about the Demon King of Misfortune. You received information about the Spell of Misfortune.

Da Fei was suddenly enlightened!

He had obtained the skill information of the Misfortune Spell! Could it be that he wanted to consult the God of Gambling? He seemed to have mentioned that he was in some Goblin Las Vegas Gambling City? Ah no, Las Vegas! If Godly Luck and Misfortune were unable to control Misfortune, then what about the vocation that was above Godly Luck and Misfortune? For example, the Knight of Misfortune mentioned by the God of Gambling was definitely a vocation, right?

At this moment, there was a loud splash on the shore and a scream was heard!

Da Fei hurriedly looked back and saw the unloading water slip and fall into the water along with the goods. There was blood on the surface of the sea. Serbia rushed forward to save him.

Samael sighed and said, "Do you see that? This is absolute bad luck. Can you guarantee that you won't make any mistakes? Of course, if you can really do nothing wrong in the remaining time, then congratulations. You have defeated the misfortune and advanced to an unimaginable God-level Luck Realm. However, I suggest that you spend the remaining time on my island peacefully and wait for the disaster to pass."

— System Message: You received information about Godly Luck Skill.

Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! Another message!

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Sir, what if I don't make any mistakes on my own, find trouble with the enemy, and let the enemy share the burden of the power of misfortune?"

Samael could not help but be stunned. Then, he laughed and said, "Weren't you afraid of being beaten just now? Anyway, once you leave this island, no one will be able to help you. Do as you see fit."

For a moment, Da Fei was conflicted. Without a doubt, this Absolute Bad Luck was the opportunity to advance to the God-level Luck Skill. Now that he had the heavy responsibility on him, he could not afford any mishaps. Therefore, the safest and most reasonable way was to rest on his island for the remaining 20 days to tide through this period of danger.

In other words, when he had nothing to do in the future, he would use the Coin of Bad Luck to charge? But the problem was, the NPC had already said that he would never use it again! The NPC’s advice, which was also the system’s advice, definitely had its reasons.

In fact, if one thought about it carefully, would the system really give players such a heaven-defying gold coin? After using it once, it would bring huge benefits to the players. If they used it two or three more times, how would that be? The players would not hesitate even if they had to spend their accounts. Then, they would transfer the things they obtained to their alternate accounts and start a new life from scratch?

Such a good thing was obviously not in line with the gaming company's usual style!

In other words, it was very likely that this gold coin could only be used once by players, and it would be over the next time it was used! In other words, this Absolute Bad Luck state was probably his only chance to advance?

Samael smiled and said, "Alright, I'm going to repair your crystal. When you have nothing to do, you can visit the island and plan for the future infrastructure."

With that said, a dark light flashed in Samael's hand as he crushed the Underworld gem into powder. The powder scattered on the crystal like star fragments and seeped into the crystal with a flash of light.

Da Fei quickly said, "Then I won't disturb you. I'll go take a look at this island."

After calming down their conflicted feelings, Da Fei and the others began to tour around the small island that was filled with lush greenery. The island was not big, about the size of 10 football fields. If they were in the South Ocean, they could build a small airport. It was still very promising. As a player, Da Fei obviously knew nothing about construction.

But it seemed that Cortner was a noble? He had to know.

Da Fei asked, "Mr. Baron, what do you think about this construction?"

Cortner quickly said, "From the fact that this isolated island has been safe in the Nether Sea for many years, it means that there's no problem with safety. Therefore, we don't need to spend too much energy on the military facilities. The first step is to build a large dock that can dock large ships. I've participated in the construction of Pier Erolyn 7. According to the standards of the dock, it might require 10,000 units of stone. With more materials, we can build warehouses and houses. This island obviously doesn't have any stone materials, so we have to transport them from the Surface World… How about this? I'll draw a picture and study it slowly!"

Da Fei nodded repeatedly! It was really useful to have an aristocrat in the team! Who said that aristocrats only knew how to eat, drink, and play? Their skills were high-class and impressive!