Chapter 268: Pursuing The Eye Of The Storm

Junwen

Da Fei was dumbfounded as he looked at the raging wind and surging sea!

If the so-called absolute bad luck was to immediately turn a hidden danger into an accident when the player made a slight mistake, then how could there be no mistake in the storm? He had finally gotten out of it?

At this moment, Katerina said, "Captain, look at the sky!"

Da Fei looked up at the sky. A huge, spinning dark cloud covered the entire sky. Only the area above his head was a clear blue sky! Wasn't this the typhoon in the weather forecast?

Katerina said seriously, "Captain, we still have a chance of survival. We are in the Eye of Storm!"

Da Fei frowned. "Eye of Storm?"

Katerina said in a low voice, "That's right. The Eye of Storm is the center of the storm. It is the starting point of the storm, but it is indeed the calmest place in the storm. The periphery of the Eye of Storm is the desperate zone where the hurricane roars and billows. The Eye of Storm can move. The only thing we can do is follow the Eye of Storm closely. Once we can't catch up to the Eye of Storm, we will enter the Storm Area. Then, we will be powerless!"

Da Fei was stunned! This position just happened to be the Eye of the Storm? Was it the starting point of the storm? Was it really so coincidental or was it caused by bad luck? It couldn't be so coincidental, right? It must be caused by bad luck, right? How could his bad luck be so powerful? This was godly, right? But now, he couldn't think of anything else.

Da Fei asked in shock, "Then, do you know the direction of the Eye of Storm?"

Katerina waved her red hair that was dancing in the wind and said in a deep voice, "We still have a general direction, but we have to constantly correct it. In short, this is our only chance. We have to try no matter what!"

At this moment, Cortner took out a wind machine that was spinning rapidly like a small fan and said in a trembling voice, "Leave it to me. I'll measure the wind speed and wind direction!"

Sigh, we're all heroes who can revive with full health and mana, but you and Spiel aren't! You have to stay calm!

Da Fei patted his shoulder and sighed. "This matter concerns the life and death of the fleet. It's all up to you!"

Cortner's face turned even paler. He gritted his teeth and said calmly, "It's up to me! The fleet is going to correct its course now, 34 degrees to the east!"

Katerina nodded and said with determination, "Alright! North Side 34, full sail!"

• • •

The fleet advanced at full speed amidst the raging waves and howling winds. Even the calmest eye of the storm could not ignore the might of the wind and waves. A thick black curtain seemed to descend from the horizon, and purple lightning flickered within it. Everyone knew that an unimaginably huge storm was about to erupt!

At the same time, a black curtain swept over from the horizon behind the fleet. The fleet was in a life-and-death race with Storm's Eye!

— System Message: You fought against the Dark Sea Storm. Your entire ship's adjutant received + 60,000 EXP. You received Master-level Voyager information.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Katerina, obtained information about the Divine-level Nautical Skill!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has obtained Intermediate Voyager information!

• • •

Looking at the system message that kept appearing on the screen, Da Fei's eyelids twitched violently. His heart was also in turmoil!

My Talent Special Ability Experience is starting to be added to the entire group! Is this the effect of an expert-level Navigator increasing my Talent? According to this frequency of jumping every ten seconds, how much EXP can the entire group gain in a few hours? Katerina had already obtained information about the Divine-level Nautical Skill in the North Sea's fog last time. Will she be able to advance to God-level in one go this time? Will the Nautical Masters in the entire group be able to increase their levels this time?

Even if I plan for the worst and don't make it through, as long as I can level up everyone's skills, it will be my greatest fortune on this journey! Even if I start from scratch, I can still make a comeback, not to mention I still have SV Fly! Fight!

Time seemed to have frozen in the storm as everyone fought with all their might, not daring to be careless in the slightest.

Suddenly, a torrential rain poured down!

Katerina exclaimed, "We've encountered a storm! This is the sign that we are approaching the edge of the Eye of Storm. We are going to be overtaken by the Eye of Storm! Alicia, activate Forward Charge!"

— System Message: Wings of Light activated Charging Special Skill, Speed Increased by 30 seconds!

Da Fei was shocked! He quickly looked out of the window, and dense raindrops fell on Da Fei's head like hailstones! The rolling dark clouds that covered the sky were like landslides and tsunamis! Oh no, they were catching up!

Brother, are you finally going to lose?

Da Fei took out the crystal ball. Why don't I try to escape from here? I can use it twice anyway? The problem is, can I use the crystal when I'm traveling at full speed? Forget it, I'll give it a try when I run out of Forward Charge and can't escape! If it really doesn't work, I'll rely on my talent as a Storm Voyager to withstand it! After all, I was an awesome person who survived Blood Sea Storm and Light Storm twice. Even if I have one more Absolute Bad Luck, I'll still have to struggle to obtain more skill information!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your "Octopus" has leveled up to Level 2! Durability limit + 300, Speed + 03. Octopus has obtained a new special skill, "Ship of Storm"!

— Storm Boat: Passive skill. Ship's resistance to waves has increased by 30.

What the f*ck! See! As expected, information would not be released until the harshest times. Wasn't it just an upgrade? Wait! The small boat has been upgraded. Where's Old Master Renoir? You're in danger, why are you still sleeping!

Da Fei anxiously took out the Voyager's Sword and knocked on the control panel. "Captain Renoir!!! Wake up, something big has happened!"

“I know!” A muffled voice echoed from the driver’s seat.

Hearing this calm voice, everyone was ecstatic. "Captain Renoir, you woke up long ago!"

Renoir sighed. "Friend, you have accepted the wrong challenge at the wrong time and place again!"

Da Fei hurriedly shook his head. "No, no. This is still the same mistake as last time. You have to finish what you started, right? Captain, what should we do now?"

Renoir sighed and said, "Originally, I had no choice, but after you installed two accelerating magic bones on the ship, I had a solution. In short, the only solution now is for me to continuously provide power to the magic bones so that the current acceleration state can be maintained. In short, it's up to me how long I can last."

Dafei was ecstatic. "There's such a good thing?"

Renoir sighed. "What's so good about it? It wasn't easy for me to absorb Skira's power! Anyway, this is all I can do for you."

Da Fei hurriedly nodded. "Captain, don't worry. Leave the rest to us! After we get past this hurdle, we'll kill a Skila to nourish you!"

"Don't, I can't take it! Alright, I'm going all out. Don't talk to me anymore!"

"Understood!"

Boom! The ship shook again!

— System Message: Wings of Light has entered a state of continuous charging!

Old Master, hold on! I know that you have strong internal energy and can fight for three days and three nights, right? No, no, I can't continue to age. The old ladies in Heavenly State will be disappointed in me. I have to rely on myself! The problem is, what do I know! I'm wrong! As long as I can hold on for this time, I won't fight recklessly! I just can't do it!

Time passed, minute by minute. The fleet was speeding through the turbulent waves. The hull of the Radiance Wings was constantly creaking due to the double load of the waves and speeding. Everyone knew what this meant under absolute bad luck! It was not strange for the ship to suddenly collapse! They could only pray that the baron's maintenance were in place.

Suddenly, Cortner cheered, “The wind speed suddenly decreased!”

"Really?"

Cortner said in a low voice, "However, this sudden shrinking doesn't seem to be the result of natural weakening. It should be the result of the storm landing! In other words, there's land ahead! Judging from the decrease in wind speed, it's not a flat coast ahead, but a cliff or other terrain that can clearly block the wind!"

Katerina said in a low voice, "Does that mean we might be blown directly ashore by the storm and hit the cliff?"

Dafei said in surprise, "Can we avoid it?"

Katerina sighed. "Being in the Eye of Storm, we have no choice. Let's see if we can find a suitable place to set anchor."

Cortner's face turned pale again. "May God bless us!"

Everyone's hearts were tangled again.

Finally, the silhouette of a tall mountain appeared in the distant horizon. Everyone was in an uproar! Although they already knew that there was a mountain in front of them, they did not expect it to be so tall! It was almost reaching the sky! To be more precise, there were countless towering pillars in the sea that reached up to the clouds! What a majestic and magnificent landscape! No wonder the effect of blocking the wind was so obvious!

Katerina was overjoyed. “We won’t hit land. There’s an archipelago in front of us, the best shelter!”

Carltner said excitedly, "That's great! God, we're saved!"

Da Fei laughed out loud again! Brother, I survived again! Wahahaha! It's not that easy to destroy Brother! Just then, Da Fei seemed to see a light shining out from the dark clouds. Then, the red light in front of him exploded!

— System Message: Reconnaissance Skill warning! You are about to enter the territory of the Netherworld's hostile races. You will be attacked by enemies. Please be on guard!

— System Message: You found Underworld City, Ghost Dragon Cliff!

— System Message: You discovered Ghost Dragon Cliff while exploring the sea before your predecessors arrived. You received additional exploration experience + 500,000!

Everyone was shocked. "Not good! There's an enemy!"

Da Fei was stunned! What the f*ck! Although I said that I wanted to find a powerful place to find trouble, it doesn't seem like now, right? I'm not directly attacking their city, right? Could it be—

All of a sudden, a crazy thought came to Da Fei's mind! That's right, it was the night of the killing, the wind was strong and the fire was strong! Anyway, he had no other choice. He believed that the other party would not be able to fight back in this storm, so he would let the entire city be hit!

Everyone asked in shock, "Captain, what should we do?"

Da Fei gritted his teeth and waved his hand. "Go! Eat my Great Misfortune!"

(Correction, my Sina Weibo name is "Super Giant Cigarette Weibo". Weibo followers!)

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']