Chapter 269: Ghost Dragon King Samast

Ghost Dragon Cliff, Ghost Dragon King Samast's territory.

Samast was a Dragon Lich. When he was alive, he was a Primordial Red Dragon who had reached the Demigod Realm. In fact, as a Demigod of the dragon race, his strength was enough to suppress the lesser gods of other races. However, the difference between a Demigod and a god was that a god meant eternal life, while a Demigod still had a limit to their lifespan. Of course, a Demigod could obtain additional lifespan by submitting to a powerful god.

He would not be able to reach the God Realm in his lifetime. He was nearing the end of his lifespan, but he did not want to die, nor did he want to submit to a powerful God. Hence, he turned himself into a Dragon Lich. From another perspective, he could be considered to have obtained eternal life. A Dragon Lich was a disgrace to the dragon race. Apart from the Netherworld Realm, he had no place to live. However, even after entering the Netherworld Realm, he was unwilling to submit to the Nether God. He wandered around the Netherworld Realm.

Somehow, he felt as if a strange voice was calling out to his soul. Thus, he finally discovered the strange Giant Rock Forest Islands in the vast Nether Sea!

As a knowledgeable and intelligent Dracolich, he could immediately tell that this landform was extraordinary! The top of the huge rock that reached into the clouds actually led to another world, and the bottom of the sea was also connected to another world! This stone pillar was connected to three worlds! Or rather, it was a spatial passageway, and the spatial passageway meant the flow of spatial energy. This was the nourishment that Demigod Realm experts needed!

He did not hesitate to fight with the first group of spectral dragons that occupied this place and occupied this treasured land. Then, he finally understood why this place had called out to him. The world connected to the top of the huge rock was a dragon's tomb! And the other world connected to the bottom of the sea was undoubtedly the homeland of the dragon race, the Dragon Domain! The spirit of the dragon race that had died in the other worlds would return to the Dragon Domain through this huge rock passage. And when the energy of the dragon's breath passed through the Netherworld, it would more or less intercept a portion of it and form a spectral dragon.

Samastes was wild with joy. This was the perfect place for the Ghost Dragon Tribe! He could finally get rid of his wandering life and become a king. However, this was not an easy task. There were many Nether Sea God-tier powerhouses here, and he could not afford to be careless.

In short, after many years of development, Samast had finally become the overlord of this area. He had also nurtured a level-eight Lich Dragon unique to the Netherworld, a powerful flying spell-casting unit that possessed the power of curses. Any sea area that the Lich Dragon cruised to was his territory!

However, Sumast did not think too highly of himself. There was an enemy here that he hated. Of course, he hated everyone nearby, but this enemy was the only one that he hated the most. That was Samael, the angel of Fatalon. Even the undead hated angels, so there was no need for a reason. And angels were also flying soldiers who cast spells. They were the bane of the lich dragons, and this was the reason why he hated them the most.

Fortunately, Samael had been alone for many years and could not pose a threat to him. However, this did not eliminate the fact that Samster was monitoring him. After all, Samael's Fatalon was also a space channel that released light energy. Samster, who had benefited greatly from the space channel over the years, knew very well what the angel had.

In fact, Samast had once thought that the appearance of the Ghost Dragon Cliff and Fatalon in the Nether Sea was not a coincidence. This was an inevitable result of the positive and negative side of the channel entering and exiting to exchange energy. In other words, Ghost Dragon Cliff and Fatalon were mortal enemies, and one side's decline meant the other side's rise!

And just a few days ago, his mortal enemy Samael suddenly moved. His true body actually walked out of his divine domain! To a god, walking out of his divine domain was a huge matter!

That's right. Mortals had their homes. Mortals' homes were mostly made of wood and stone to shelter them from the wind and rain for safekeeping. Meanwhile, the home of a god was the Divine Realm. The Divine Realm was an absolute domain created by the will of a god. It was a more advanced form similar to the Mage's Human Space, usually not in the current world.

The Divine Realm was used to safeguard God’s energy. God was a highly concentrated mass of energy. Without a thermos flask to safeguard energy, God would constantly lose heat like a cup of hot water. Therefore, once anyone stepped into the realm of God—no, the realm of Demigods—the first thing they had to do was continuously construct and perfect their Divine Realm’s divine power reserves. This was just like wearing clothes.

Therefore, the true bodies of gods were usually in the Divine Realm. All activities and diplomacy were conducted through clones.

Once God's real body walked out of the Divine Realm, it was like opening the door of an air-conditioned room. It would lose a lot of energy. Therefore, God was actually a nerd who did not go out easily. They used the "clone" as a "camera" to observe the world.

What was Samael planning to do after leaving the Celestial domain?

Sumast immediately locked the "camera" on Samael! That's right, the true body of God was like the sun in the sky. Others could find him with their eyes closed! Therefore, if one wanted to be undetected, it was best to use the avatar to move around. This was the important aspect of avatars.

Right on the heels of that, another powerful enemy that Samastre feared appeared. It was the descendant of the ancient deity, Bahamut!

Could it be that the two of them wanted to fight? Although this was unlikely, it was undoubtedly another Samast, and also something that all the other overlords of the Nether Sea who had paid attention to this place were looking forward to.

And the final outcome made Samster's jaw drop! Samael did not hesitate to use his true body to save a group of mortals! He was so eager to develop his faction? That's right, he had been alone for many years. Even a god needed his subordinates to do odd jobs.

Sumast understood his feelings, but his actions were laughable! Mortals were not worthy of God's intervention, much less God's rescue!

But now, Sumast could no longer laugh!

The sudden storm caught Samastes off guard! Having been in the Sea of Death for many years, Samastes had a clear understanding of the weather patterns around him. The storm that could form so quickly was definitely not the result of natural laws. Someone must be behind this! It was most likely that Samael!

The surprise attack of the storm had indeed caused a loss to the property of the people of the Ghost Dragon Cliff, which they had not been able to defend against in time. However, to gods with different values from mortals, this was nothing.

Samster was calculating how much energy was needed to launch such a storm. From the results, Samael was at a disadvantage! That's right, the person who beat him suffered greater losses than the person who beat him. How ridiculous was that? It was more suspicious than ridiculous!

When the mortal fleet appeared in Samast’s vision after the first * * wind, Samast’s expression changed from shock to realization!

So that's how it is! Using the power of misfortune to influence the weather, indirectly triggering a storm. This indeed doesn't require Samael to do much! And my Ghost Dragon Cliff produces the Cursed Lich Dragon, which has a natural attraction to misfortune. This means that this storm will automatically attack me without any guidance of power!

Samael! You're really good at playing cards! Now, Samster was considering whether he should personally eliminate this group of mortals!

(Guests are starting to arrive at home, getting busier. Sorry everyone)