Chapter 262: Paradise In The Dark Sea

Looking at the small island in front of him that was sparkling with life like a fairyland, and the dark blue sky surrounding him, Da Fei was at a loss. "This is, where?"

At this moment, on the fresh flowers on the island shore, a golden-haired priest in priest attire waved at Da Fei's fleet and shouted, "Mortals, there's no dock here. Just step into the water and go ashore!"

Who was that? An angel?

Da Fei hurriedly ran to the side of the ship and looked down. The water was clear and rippling. Without thinking, Da Fei hurriedly jumped into the water and went ashore. At this moment, the sailors on the entire ship once again burst into cheers.

Now that Da Fei and the others had come ashore, he looked at the handsome and extraordinary middle-aged Priest in front of him. Da Fei was stunned. "This Lord is?"

The priest smiled and said, "I'm the Angel of Death Samael you just saw. I'm now in my avatar form."

Everyone was shocked! Serbia hurriedly bowed.

Samael smiled and said, "No need for formalities. Mortals, you really want to know where we are right now, right? This is a small island in the Dark Sea, named Fatalon."

Da Fei was shocked. "This is still the Dark Sea? How is that possible!"

Samael shook his head and said with a smile, "Unbelievable, right? Actually, just like how there are oases in the desert, there will also be death zones with dense death aura under the sun world. Even in the Netherworld, where the light energy is extremely thin, it will also cause a large amount of light energy to gather due to the special environment, thus forming a unique environment here. In fact, all the light energy in the entire Nether Sea is concentrated here. The density of light energy is not inferior to that of the divine realm. It's a small paradise in the Nether Sea! However, to the undead, this place is a terrifying death zone."

"Heaven in the Dark Sea!"

Da Fei was enlightened. No wonder the trees and flowers here were so dazzling. They were indeed not from the mortal world!

Samael smiled and said, "How many years has it been? You should be the first batch of mortals to come here. It was your singing that attracted me. I thought it was help from the God World, but it's not…" At this point, Samael smiled bitterly. "This is indeed a forgotten corner of the God World. I shouldn't have any fantasies about them."

Serbia said in surprise, "Lord Oracle, how can a priest forget everything?"

Samael laughed in surprise. "If he was omnipotent, he would have unified the universe long ago. Even the power of the Overgods is limited."

It turned out that the singing was not only attracting the undead! This was fate! As a gaming expert, he knew what to do next.

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Thank you, Oracle, for saving me. I don't know if you need any help, but I will definitely think of a way to repay you." Although he did not have the energy to help now, at least he had to show his gratitude.

Samael chuckled. "I've been paying attention to you for two days. The reason I saved you is because you displayed extraordinary abilities that are worth me spending my strength to save you. There are too many things I need help with. Unfortunately, you're still weak and can't help. In short, your fleet seems to be in great trouble. Let's rest here."

It turned out that even the angels knew that he was so powerful. It turned out that his level was too low to accept high-end missions here! However, not being able to accept missions and rest was exactly what he wanted!

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Thank you for taking me in, Oracle. Sorry for disturbing you!" Then, he hurriedly said to Spielberg, "Activate all sailors to unload and repair the ship!"

Spielberg was more than willing. "Alright! I'll do it right away!"

Samael asked curiously, "Mortals, how did you come here and where are you going?"

I was waiting for you to ask this! You're a local, you must have a better way, right! Da Fei hurriedly said, "This is what happened…"

After listening to Da Fei's narration, Samael took out the Turbo Crystal with a solemn expression. "Although I'm not sure if the Miracle Island you're talking about is easy to escape, I can't do without the help of this crystal. Then I'll help you guys to the end and spend some effort to repair this crystal."

As expected of an angel! Da Fei excitedly bowed. "Thank you, Lord Oracle!"

Samael chuckled. "When your ship is almost repaired, I should be able to finish repairing it."

Serbia said apologetically, "Sir Oracle, you have helped us so much, so we have to repay you no matter what. Although we are weak now and might not be able to resolve your problems, we should at least know your difficulties. This way, we will always remember them."

Da Fei's anus tightened! Hey, hey, hey! My darling, don't cause trouble for no reason. Don't tell me you're charmed by this blond uncle? I'm also an uncle!

Samael chuckled. "Alright, it's been so many years. It's not bad to talk to someone. Do you know why I'm here?"

Serbia said in surprise, "The Oracle's role is the Angel of Death. Of course, it's to bring the dead back to Heaven."

Samael smiled and sighed. "That's right! This is my mission. In fact, even Michael, Gabriel, Raphael, and Uriel had held this position before the four-day reign of the Divine Throne. For example, Michael had one of the guides of the Yellow Springs who said, do you know why?"

Serbia was at a loss.

Da Fei said in surprise, "I find it strange too. Are we fighting for territory with the God of the Underworld?"

Samael laughed. "That's right! Be it the God Realm or the Underworld, they are places where souls can reach. Be it the God of Light or the God of the Underworld, they need to expand their manpower. Therefore, the original angels were sent by God to snatch people from the lower levels of the Underworld. Meanwhile, Michael, Gabriel, Raphael, Uriel, and the others are very smart. They will give up the souls of those mediocre people and focus on guiding the souls of the kings, wise ones, and heroes. They made great contributions to the God Realm and were promoted very quickly. Moreover, the God Realm established various systems from their successful experience. For example, by promoting the God Realm's superior surname among mortals, especially outstanding mortals to develop believers. The more devout the believers are, the more pious their souls will be. They will automatically go to the Heaven, and so on. All these are said in the future. In short, the original angels were all fighting for the God of the Underworld."

Serbia said, "I see!"

Samael sighed and said, "In short, after the initial entrepreneurship and the adjustment of the divine world's strategic route, the position of the Angel of Death became less important. It generally became a project for low-level angels to test their foundation."

Everyone nodded.

Samael's face sank. "Later on, something big happened in the divine realm. The former number one angel, Lucifer, the deputy lord of the Heavenly State, led many angels to rebel. And the main officer who followed Lucifer was the director of the Death Angel department. Their rebellion was suppressed, and they were all demoted to fallen angels and fell into the deepest hell. And the sad thing was that we, the Death Angels who were still fighting in the Underworld, were also implicated! Even in the mortal world, the Death Angels were equivalent to fallen angels! They actually became the embodiment of evil!"

So it was a classic example of being shot even if you were on the wrong side! Da Fei was enlightened. "This is the reason why Sir Oracle said you were forgotten?"

Samael said in a deep voice, "That's right. I'm even wondering if my register was destroyed during the rebellion."

Serbia asked in surprise, "Then what is the difficulty Lord Oracle faces?"

Samael chuckled and pointed at the dark blue curtain outside the island. "Once I leave this barrier, I'll be in the Dark Sea. I want to make a career in the Dark Sea, a career that even other gods have to look at in a different light, and obtain the status I deserve."

Da Fei was enlightened. "Does that mean Sir Oracle wants to destroy all the Demon Gods and unite the Dark Sea?"

Samael laughed. "Although it seems unlikely, we have nothing to do anyway. How will we know if we don't try?"

Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of nasal shit! There's no need to try. I already knew the outcome from the moment I saw Bayam! I'll be shocked to death by him. I can't help you!

Samael smiled and said, "Of course, the lives of mortals are limited. You won't be able to help me to that extent, but you can help me indirectly in your lifetime. For example, build a base here. This is the only place where mortals can stay in the Dark Sea. It has great strategic significance!"

Da Fei's body trembled. He was building a base here! Did that mean he was going to have another territory?

Samael took out a glittering gem. "Underworld gem! A gem filled with Netherworld energy. It's a specialty of the Netherworld Sea. I'm sure its strategic value and visual value are not lower than your shipment. This is also an important material for me to repair this Turbo Crystal. Moreover, taking the Dark Sea under certain circumstances can help you avoid unnecessary trouble. For example, I can tell that you've been cursed by the Sea God. And here, the Sea God can't do anything to you. In short, building a Netherworld base here is a meritorious service for you. It's beneficial for me for a thousand years. Are you willing to do it? I believe that a merchant who doesn't hesitate to borrow the Dark Sea to transport goods will definitely not miss such a good business opportunity."

Da Fei's eyes widened! F*ck, as expected of an angel! Gifting the gospel! How can I not do something that benefits both parties! If I had said it earlier, would I have been so excited that I laughed to death?

Da Fei said excitedly, "Yes! Yes! But I'm not strong enough now. I can't do it!"

Samael smiled and said, "Of course you can't do it. Once you leave this barrier, I won't be able to help you. Everything depends on you. After you reach Level 50 and build a powerful fleet, come again."

— System Message: Your reputation in Fatalon has become friendly!

There’s still Reputation! It turns out that he’s a faction without an army! Very good, since it’s a mission that can only be received at Level 50, then I have time to prepare.

However, he did not know when he would come again. It was not easy for him to develop a friendly relationship with a fellow who looked like a little god. It was obviously not the intention of an expert to not consult him.

Da Fei hurriedly asked, "Since Sir Oracle has been paying attention to me for two days, does Sir Oracle know what exactly happened to me?"

Samael laughed and said seriously, "Good question! This is the most important thing for me to pay attention to you and praise you!"