Chapter 264: Challenging Godly Luck Skills

After visiting the island, Cortner went to draw the map. Da Fei and the others returned to the coast.

Samael was still focused on repairing the crystal ball. The sailors were still carrying and unloading the goods. In order to prevent any hidden dangers, Da Fei mobilized the entire family to direct the transportation of safe production. Back then, Da Fei had done high-altitude paint renovations. He had some knowledge about safety. In short, all the sailors who were transporting goods on the ship had a cable tied to their waists as safety cables to prevent them from falling into the sea.

It didn’t matter if a person was smashed to death, but the goods shouldn’t be smashed. Of course, it seemed like these goods couldn’t be smashed even if they were made of ores. Very good, very good. In the future, when transporting goods, these hard goods should be transported. Fruits, meat, cloth, porcelain, and other things could either be easily destroyed or burned.

Under Da Fei's personal supervision, the unloading work proceeded in an orderly manner.

Da Fei started to worry about the problem of this unlucky period again. Should he resist the sea of misfortune and challenge the Godly Luck Spell? Or should he spend the remaining 20 days on the island?

As an expert, there was no doubt that he should continuously challenge and surpass himself. What if he lost? Could he bear the price of losing?

Tsk! Samael was right. If mortals were as calculative as gods, what fun would there be in this world? Furthermore, when mortals thought about it, God would laugh. If mortals calculated themselves, how could they calculate their losses?

Even if I'm done for this time, I still have SV Fly! It's not like I can't make a comeback!

If he was done for, the first thing he would do was to sell this unlucky gold coin. It was a divine artifact! God knows how much it could be sold for? This was a much higher grade item than the Life-Steal Scroll. Two million gold coins was definitely not enough to escape, right?

Da Fei suddenly stood up in shock!

That's right! At most, I'll sell this divine weapon! F*ck! I've earned millions of yuan in my lifetime. Why am I still struggling?!

At the thought of SV Fly, Da Fei suddenly remembered SV Fly's special skill, God's Blessing, Sailor's Luck + 2, Boat of Misfortune, Luck -3 for both sides! What did this mean? Fate, Ape Manure! It meant that he had been fighting against Luck in the game his whole life! From the moment he was born on Miracle Island, he was destined to play Luck.

Da Fei made up his mind. Go to sea! Challenge the Godly Luck Skill! Fight! Fight with his life!

This challenge might be the biggest challenge he had encountered in the game. It was related to the survival of the world's number one Dragon Knight Commerce Association, which was worth tens of millions of gold coins. Therefore, he had to be fully prepared! What else had he not done?

Da Fei remembered his specialty. His specialty was blank!

When he had obtained Renoir's God's Wisdom Scroll and converted his Storm Voyager talent into a Voyager talent, his talent had always been blank. He had always wanted to choose a God-level skill as his special ability. At that time, he had almost chosen the Illusionary Army, but what if he hesitated and found something better?

In the end, he dragged it out until he forgot that he had a special ability. Why would he forget? Because he was too powerful! He was so powerful that there was no need for special abilities anymore. His current realm had already surpassed special abilities, surpassed the tactical level of skills!

Wahahaha! That's right. To me, "special ability" is the most important indicator of a hero's value. It's no longer important! In that case, special ability that can help me overcome the most important challenge is the best special ability! Then what special ability is the best special ability?

Da Fei chose his specialty column!

— System Message: Do you want to choose your talent ability again? You can spend 1 Skill Point to choose your talent from any skill you learn.

It just so happened that he had another Skill Point after reaching Level 35, so he chose the Luck Skill!

— System Message: Are you sure you want to choose Lucky Spell as your specialty?

Yes! A golden light descended from the sky!

— System Message: You spent 1 Skill Point and obtained the Luck Skill Specialty!

— Luck Skill Special Feature: Every time a Hero leveled up by 2 levels, the effects of Luck Skill would increase by 5!

Without a doubt! For Da Fei, who had just discovered the secret of luck, the Luck Skill was the most suitable for him. It could be used anywhere, not just at sea!

Da Fei sighed, shook his head, and smiled bitterly. He had waited for so long, but in the end, he still chose a street cabbage that anyone could choose to use as a special ability! It was just like an old leftover girl who always wanted to find a richer and more handsome spouse when she was young. In the end, she found all kinds of unwillingness, and only when she was old did she suddenly realize that the best spouse was actually the one most suitable for her, not the richest and most handsome one.

In fact, even if everyone could choose this special ability, not many players would choose it, including professional treasure-hunting players. They would rather choose the Reconnaissance Skill special ability than this unreliable Luck Skill special ability.

In the eyes of ordinary players, the Luck Skill was not only unreliable, it was also trash!

For example, the special ability of the Luck Skill was to increase the effect of the Luck Skill by 5 every 2 levels. When a player reached Level 30, it would increase by 75. In other words, the increase of 75 Luck in the Master-level Luck + 5 would increase Luck + 875. One special ability actually increased 3 Luck Points. Any luck treasure could settle it.

As for the Luck Spell sub-skill, for example, the intuition of a treasure that was better than nothing, after the guild's test, the success rate of digging treasures increased by around 3. What did it mean when the special ability increased by 75? Of course, it couldn't be stacked to 78, but to increase by 75 on the basis of 3 meant 525! It was still better than nothing.

There was also the benefit of sub-skill resources. This skill was obtained when players fought monsters, mined mines, opened treasure chests, and collected the resources spawned in the wild. The amount of resources and gold coins obtained increased by 10. If it increased by 75, it would be 175. It looked very cool. However, the Reconnaissance Skill special ability was even more cool! The Reconnaissance Skill special ability could ensure that players could pick up more resources, which was enough to make up for the benefits of the Luck Skill special ability.

Of course, there was still a bright spot in Luck Skills, which was the combination of Defense Skills and Luck Skills, Magic Resist.

— Luck of Magic Resistance: When attacked by magic, the hero's troops have a 5% chance of not being harmed by any magic at all!

This Magic Resistance did not negate magic damage, but was completely immune to magic damage! If the 5% chance increase was 75, it would be 875! That was equivalent to 8 out of 100 people not being affected by magic damage at all. This was a rather powerful Magic Resistance! Especially when the Dwarf Race soldiers had Luck Magic Resistance, the 15 Magic Resistance Barrier of the Elves Unicorn was directly superimposed! At that time, the chance of the Unicorn's Magic Resistance Barrier was 23!

Of course, this sub-skill being so dazzling was also a must-have skill for Da Fei. However, Da Fei's Defense Skill was only at the advanced level now. He still had to obtain three Skill Points to upgrade his Defense Skill to Master Level before it could fail.

However, as a war hero, especially a main fighting hero, no matter how one evaluated it, the luck of fighting against demons was not the deciding factor. Also, only dwarves and elves could maximize the effect, so it was destined that the special ability of the Luck Spell was the rotten cabbage on the streets.

However, it was completely different for Da Fei, who had comprehended the Secret of Luck and mastered the skill Advancement Skill. This was not just a small increase of a few points of luck, the chance of increasing the treasure intuition, and the sharp insight of an appraiser who had just learned it. Most importantly, this meant that Da Fei's Luck Skill was infinitely close to God-level!

The earlier he got to God-grade, the earlier Da Fei would be able to break through!

Finally, his wish was fulfilled. Da Fei heaved a long sigh of relief.

The next thing to do was, of course, to rest and recharge after unloading the goods. There were still more than twenty days left, which meant that they had to stay up all night. There couldn't be any mistakes during these two nights! Speaking of which, once the two nights were over, it would probably be the day of the World Cup qualifiers registration and the official finals, right?

My schedule is really tight. As expected, I can't survive on the island.

• • •

When the alarm clock woke Da Fei up, two days had passed in the game. Five hours of sleep was enough!

As soon as Da Fei came online, Spielberg immediately came forward and reported. "Captain, the bottom of the ship has been completely repaired and reinforced. With Sir Oracle's help, we even cut down the trees on the island and made a few temporary scaffolding for my cargo hold. This way, we can greatly share the weight of the cargo on the bottom of the ship. My ship will definitely be able to last longer!"

At this moment, Samael appeared with a smile. "Have you decided?"

Da Fei hurriedly bowed and said, "Thank you for your help again, Sir. I've decided to go out to sea! I'll challenge the Godly Luck Skill!"

Samael laughed. "As expected of a mortal worthy of my help. I admire you too much. Since that's the case, I'll help you again. I'll give you my blessings to resist the invasion of the Dark Qi. This way, you won't have to sing and show off!"

Da Fei was overjoyed. "Thank you again, Sir!"

Samael handed the crystal to Da Fei and said seriously, "This crystal has been around for too long. Although I've repaired it, it can only be used twice. One time is to go out, and the other time is to come in again. Furthermore, its power is really limited. It can only be used in places where the space barrier is weak, like the Miracle Island you mentioned. I'll help you repair it the next time you come in, so you must use it cautiously!"

"I'll follow your instructions!" Da Fei took over the glowing crystal and was stunned. Wasn't it blue? Had it changed color?

— Whirlpool Crystal: Incomplete God Tool, Mana + 10, Knowledge + 10, Special Skill: Underworld Whirlpool Space Door (Usage: 2)

— Underworld Whirlpool Space Door: A Whirlpool Space Door that can open passage between the Underworld and the Surface World.

Da Fei said in surprise, "How did it become a Netherworld Dimension Portal?" That's not right. The original attribute was not this?

Samael shook his head and said with a smile, "Because I repaired it with Underworld gems. This crystal filled with Underworld energy can only bring you to the Underworld. You can't go anywhere else. In fact, most of the materials of this Turbo Crystal are Underworld gems. Therefore, its main purpose is to bring you to the Underworld!"

Ah pfft! I have such a powerful spatial divine item that can move infinitely, but you've turned it into a fixed travel ticket!

There was nothing else to say now. After another day of preparation, under Samael's blessing, Da Fei's fleet slowly left Fatalon.