Chapter 266: Instant Fanghua'S Archers

Currently, the attention of the entire world was focused on each country's World Cup qualifiers. After these two days of screening, the crowded qualifiers registration was also nearing its end. Basically, 1,000 players from each server had qualified.

That's right, there were hundreds of thousands of players participating in each district, but only 1,000 players could guarantee that they would be able to successfully hunt 10 kills to qualify. This was the cruelty of survival. Very few people could guarantee that they would not be the prey of others in the next second. Most players would be stabbed in the back when they were in the midst of a fierce battle, and the players who were stabbed in the back would be stabbed in the back.

Even though the rules were harsh, cruel, and unjustly criticized by the players, there was no doubt that the players who could stand out in such a chaotic battle were all rather strong.

All the professional teams would not give up such an opportunity to understand the strength of the other servers, but they did not want to reveal too much of their strength, so they had originally planned to wait a few rounds before sending out a few professional players to test the waters. However, Da Fei's appearance had completely overturned the understanding of all the professional teams in the various countries! To be more precise, it had frightened them. It was for no other reason than that there were many soldiers!

Da Fei had at least 200 Level 4 troops! And they were the most troublesome long-range troops! At the current stage, this was a terrifying number and quality. Under the absolute suppression of such an absolute force, no Godly Hero could compete with him. Not to mention the tactic of winning by numbers, even if he encountered more than 200 Level 4 long-range monsters in the wild, it was not something a professional player at the current stage could take down alone. Not to mention, he actually had a nun who could counter Dark Magic.

For the large professional battle teams at this stage, it was not a problem to gather hundreds of Level 4 or even Level 5 troops. The problem was, who could bring them? No one's Command Power was higher than Da Fei's. This was because Da Fei had too many sub-heroes. This was an anomaly among players who did not bring sub-heroes to level 50 and enter the New World as the main guide. Of course, if any player was Da Fei, any player would be willing to be an anomaly. In front of the beautiful female hero, nothing else mattered.

However, this did not mean that Da Fei was invincible.

That was to hire some Tavern Heroes with high Command Power at the Tavern. The Tavern Heroes above Level 20 who met the requirement for the tournament would come out and register for the tournament. After the tournament was over, these trash Heroes would be kicked out. Of course, the Heroes in the Tavern had uneven levels. They were usually Level 0 Normal Rank Heroes. It was not easy to directly find Heroes above Level 20. However, for a big team, this was not a problem. Could it be that in such a large district, they could not find five Deputy Heroes above Level 20?

Of course, firing a hero for no reason would reduce the player's Reputation, but Reputation was not a problem for professional players.

All in all, the large professional teams from all over the world took action upon hearing the news. On the forums, they issued a bounty for their players to search for heroes above level 20 in the taverns. Then, all kinds of the best strategic equipment, the best soldiers were gathered on one body. All kinds of equipment that added Command Power were gathered on one body and equipped with sub-heroes. Just like that, a superhero was created with the whole country's strength.

Although this seemed very unfair to ordinary players, Hero Genesis played a national war. A national war had always been a comprehensive representation of a country's strength.

In other words, Da Fei would be better than the military forces, operations, and tactical awareness in the international arena. He might even be better than his super professional players!

None of the countries realized that a truly terrifying superhero was also planning and preparing with his own strength.

Lionheart Empire, the central military town of Crossbow Town.

The place where the famous marksman mentors of the Lion Heart Empire gathered was a military academy's fortress city that specialized in training level two soldiers and archers. It was also the only fortress city built in the middle of the empire. Its strategic purpose was to suppress the rebellion in the country and support the border. If anything happened in any direction in the empire, the military strength of this fortress could be reached at the same time. It was also known as being able to rule the world by staying in the middle. As this city was a military town, players needed to have a certain amount of Kingdom Merit Points to enter.

For humans, in front of a large number of Level 6 Armament Knights, Level 2 Archers were the absolute main force in the regular troops. Many human players basically had a large number of Level 2 troops and a small number of Level 3 Shield Guards to attack the world before Level 50, which was the so-called bow and arrow sea tactic.

At this moment, a huge transport convoy of 20 large carriages arrived in front of the gates of the town. A golden-haired knight hero named Melanie jumped down from the carriage and handed a pass to the guards at the gate. The guards saluted and the drawbridge of the city gate was lowered. The convoy entered.

The blond knight hero, Melanie, was the first Epic sub-hero in the China server of Instant Fanghua. She was also the world's first Epic sub-hero! This convoy was Instant Fanghua's convoy. And the player pulling the carriage was the harem beauty who specialized in logistics.

Players could use ships when they ran in the sea, and transporting land was using transport vehicles. The largest cargo capacity of transport vehicles was 10 units, which reached the standard of small boats, as well as soldiers carrying 100 Commander Points. When players fought monsters in the wild, if they encountered the enemy's surrendered troops and their own Command Power was not enough to carry them, transport vehicles would be the best tool to pull customers.

Under normal circumstances, players could only carry one transport vehicle at most. After learning the advanced logistics sub-skill "transport vehicle", the number of transport vehicles could be increased according to the level of the logistics skill. The advanced logistics skill could bring three more, and the master-level logistics skill could bring a total of five. In other words, players could usually bring six cars with them through the skill. These six cars could follow the players to fight. If the players' sub-heroes also mastered the logistics skill, they could bring six more cars.

Next was the business certificate. The higher the level of the business certificate, the more players could hire transport vehicles from the Chamber of Commerce. However, the additional transport vehicles hired by the Chamber of Commerce would only move along the fixed trade routes and would not follow the players.

In the entire China area, there was no convoy that could reach the standard of 20 transport vehicles at the moment. Of course, even if there were 20 vehicles, it would only be 200 units of transport, barely half the capacity of medium-sized ships. However, the expenditure of the drivers and horses was much more expensive. Land transportation was ultimately incomparable to sea transport.

It was also because she had realized the difference in land transportation that Instant Fanghua had been fully prepared for the project after obtaining information from Melanie.

As a result, Instant Fanghua had come here for two important matters. The first was to seek help from the NPC military for the epic quest that would open the Sea Canal. The second was to borrow the military’s power to participate in the competition and show her face.

At that moment, Sudden Youth, who was in the car, said smugly, "It's good, it's good. We've finally caught up to the last bus to register. I'll give my wife a big scare later."

After two days of watching the preliminaries, as well as the explanations of various professional experts on television and videos, Xiao Li had improved at lightning speed. She was no longer the noob who knew nothing about games.

Xiao Li chuckled and said, "Don't tell me you really think that you can get first place?"

Instant Fanghua smiled faintly. "The most important thing is participation. In the game, strength is everything. Why do those b * tches, Xue Wei, always look down on me? They just think that I'm a businessman without any combat power. I admit that I can't fight under normal circumstances. However, the rules of the competition are different. As long as it's something that belongs to you, you can take it out to participate in the competition. Therefore, I'll let them know how terrifying my strength is!"

Xiao Li laughed and said, "There's no need to learn from those women."

Instant Fanghua shook her head and smiled proudly. "They really don't deserve my knowledge. The main reason is that if I qualify, I will very likely meet Da Fei. Now, all the professional teams are preparing to surround him with superheroes. With his amateur level, it will probably be very difficult for him to advance further. I can take the opportunity to help him clear some obstacles. It can also be considered a greeting gift to befriend the world's number one amateur."

Xiao Li's eyes widened. "So that's what you think?"

Instant Fanghua laughed and said, "Do you think experts are so easy to befriend? At the very least, you have to be strong enough to make him feel useful!"

Xiao Li smiled bitterly and said, "Aren't you afraid that he will eat you up?"

Instant Fanghua laughed and said, "I think his slogan is that the Chinese don't hit the Chinese."

Xiao Li tsked and said, "He has killed more people in China than anyone else!"

As they chatted and laughed, the convoy arrived at the station. A one-eyed hero wearing an eye mask was already waiting at the courier station.

Melanie got out of the car and said with a smile, "General Gondor, we've completed the baking you wanted as scheduled."

The one-eyed hero opened a wine jar on the warehouse with a stupefied expression. A strong fragrance of wine wafted over, and his expression immediately became joyful. "Good! Good! We really can't sell such a high concentration of wine. Lady Alaine, Lady Sudden Youth, thank you so much for providing us with supplies."

— System Message: You are donating 200 units of concentrated barley that you are in urgent need of. You received 20,000 Reputation Points from the town, + 1,000 Kingdom Merit Points, and your reputation in the town became trust!

I've finally trusted you! It's not in vain that I've given you so many gifts and even personally planted food and brewed so much good wine!

Instant Fanghua smiled. “For the glory of the empire, that’s a must. Oh right, General, about the Canal Security Project I mentioned last time?”

The general nodded in satisfaction. “You’ve displayed your abilities many times. It’s our duty as soldiers to contribute to the empire’s canal industry. Moreover, the empire is currently without war, so the army needs to find an opportunity to train! I’ll give you a spot to command 1500 troops. You can go to the Ministry of War to receive it yourself!”

Finally! Sudden Youth was ecstatic. "Thank you, General!"

— System Message: You have completed the first stage of the Epic Mission, "Cross the Empire's Grand Canal", "Project Safety Preparation". You have received 1,500 Command Value Points, and you have received 500,000 EXP…

That's right, Instant Fanghua was focused on camping in the town of the arrow. Of course, she had her eyes on the unique position of the main force of the arrow soldiers in the town of the arrow. As for herself, she had obtained an official position with 500 Command Points. From the very beginning, when Elain recruited her, she was a Knight Lord with 1,000 Command Points. If she recruited all the archers, that would be 1,500 people!

I am the true number one military force in the world!

Here, let me introduce the level 2 human soldiers.

Level 2 Ordinary Forms called Archers: Attack: 4, Defense: 3, Damage: 2-4, Health: 7, Attack Speed: 9, Movement Speed: 9, Command Value: 1, Special Skill: Scatter Shot. Recruitment Price: 50 gold coins.

From the history of the ancient war, archers were actually a very difficult unit to train. Bow was not an easy weapon to learn. Therefore, it was very difficult for archers in their normal forms to hit their targets. Hence, the instructors taught them according to their aptitude. The special skill "Scatter Shooting" was born in response. To put it bluntly, it was to sacrifice damage and randomly shoot arrows. In a situation where there were a large number of archers, it was often very effective.

If even a Level 2 Archers' accuracy was a problem, then the Skeleton Archer of a Level 1 Undead soldier's accuracy was even more obvious. In short, although a Level 2 soldier was the main force of the human race, it was impossible to bring out a normal Level 2 soldier. Wasting ammunition was a small matter, but delaying the war was a big matter.

Due to the difficulty of controlling a seemingly simple weapon like a bow, a terrifying machine like a crossbow was invented by human intelligence. In European history, a crossbow was once regarded as a prohibited weapon among the common people. The most famous evaluation was "A lowly peasant can use it to kill a noble knight."

The regular form of a Level 2 soldier was a crossbow soldier: Attack: 4, Defense: 4, Damage: 2-8, Health: 10, Attack Speed: 10, Movement Speed: 9, Special Skill: Precise Shooting. Recruitment Price: 120 gold coins.

The biggest difference between archers and crossbow soldiers in terms of data was that their damage was raised from 2-4 to a terrifying 2-8, and their damage was also greatly increased. They were completely different from the same unit. After the crossbow soldiers were inflicted with the Master-level light magic, "Extraordinary God Power", their damage lower limit was the upper limit, which was 8 points. They had already reached the damage level of a Level 4 soldier, extremely terrifying!

This was the main force of human players that could sweep through the world before they reached level 50.

In reality, the damage dealt by the Elf Tribe's Jungle Scamper was only 5-8, but the output was not on the same level at all. However, the fatal difference between the crossbowmen and the Jungle Scamper was in the speed at which they attacked. In addition, the crossbowmen were even poorer, so they ended up in a miserable state when facing the Jungle Scamper.

At the same time, the lower damage limit of the crossbowmen was too low. Once they were hit by the master-level dark magic 'Weakness Curse', the upper damage limit would be 2! It was a tragic sight.

Also, the recruitment price of 120 gold coins for a crossbow soldier was also known as the most expensive Level 2 soldier. Ordinary players really could not afford to die. If they were harassed by a Mage player who specialized in lightning, they would cry to death.

In short, this was a unit with obvious advantages and disadvantages. It was easy to be proficient in it, but difficult to be proficient in it. It was also an important dividing line between experts and low-level soldiers.

As for the elite form of a Level 2 soldier, it was the Double Crossbow! It could shoot two arrows in a row, and the elite form of soldiers could only be used by NPCs, so there was no need to discuss it.

As the central fortress of the Empire, the Crossbow Town naturally could not just nurture these three types of soldiers. There was also the legendary Level 4 Special Forces, Longbow Apache!

That's right, Sudden Youth was targeting this army!