Chapter 261: Angel Of Death Samael

The Wings of Light was invincible. It crushed Bone Crusher and easily broke out of the encirclement. Then, it made a big turn and aimed the bow of the ship at the pursuing sea monsters.

They charged head-on, and the cannons on both sides started again! The Radiance Wings was like the legendary Knight of Misfortune. Wherever it went, bad luck would follow, and fear would follow. Those sea monsters that had lost their combat power in fear were completely fish waiting to be slaughtered!

A golden light flashed!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 35! Your Damage + 1… You have received the Ranger Class + 1 Attack bonus, you have received the Appraiser Class + 1 Free Attribute Point bonus…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Katerina has leveled up to Level 34…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has leveled up to Level 34…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has leveled up to Level 30.

Haha! Wahahaha! This is totally giving experience! I like it!

At this moment, the four big red dots that had been waiting in the periphery moved. They swam from the bottom of the water and pounced towards the Radiance Wings at an extremely fast speed!

Da Fei was shocked by the speed. There was no way he could escape! There was only one battle left! Would Bos eat misfortune and fear?

It's here! Under the water surface, four large undead sea monsters that looked like bone dragons and giant crocodiles appeared. Each of them was one-third the size of the Radiance Wings. The sailors were shocked!

Such a size was the standard of a whale. It was enough to pose a fatal threat to the warships on the surface of the water! And they were using the bottom chisel attack that the sea monsters posed the greatest threat to the warships on the surface of the water!

At that moment, another dark red arc flashed! Bad luck descended once again!

Da Fei was ecstatic. Bad luck! Even Bos could not escape this bad luck. Then—

The six-headed sea monster flashed with black light again, and four skull markings appeared on their heads! Their forward momentum suddenly decreased!

— System Message: The special skill of the Six-Headed Sea Demon Statue has been successfully activated. Four Leader-level Undead Sea Monsters are affected by fear and cannot fight!

Wahahaha! Da Fei let out a long laugh. Even if it was Boss, he would still kill you!

However, if the four of them did not surface, he would not be able to hit them or hit them. What should he do? F*ck! Are they trying to disgust him?

Before he could think any further, the Skeleton Marks on the four Bosses suddenly disappeared. Fear was restored!

Da Fei's heart trembled! Was the Boss' fear really recovering so quickly? What the heck, how was he supposed to fight? If they didn't float up, he would be at his wit's end. He could only fight them. What should he do!

Alicia said anxiously, "Captain, we can't take it anymore. We have to escape!"

Dafei said in surprise, "Can we escape?"

"Leave it to fate!" Alicia shook her head helplessly and walked out of the driver's seat. She kicked a wine barrel into the sea—Plop! It was pitch black!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, cast God-level arcane spell "Ink Sap"!

At that moment, the entire sea was pitch black!

"Run at full speed!" Da Fei let out a long sigh. In the end, there was no way to save the Whale! He knew it. As long as he fought the sea monster seriously, he would have to die! Now, not to mention not being able to save the Whale, even escaping was a problem.

At this moment, Serbia shouted from Octopus, "Captain, run! I'll attract the monster's attention from behind!"

Da Fei's entire body shook!

The resonant holy song resounded through the Dark Sea once more, ethereal and surging without a trace of fear!

Cortner exclaimed, “Captain, you can’t leave Miss Serbia behind!”

Everyone was speechless. In this situation, having someone to cover the rear would undoubtedly greatly increase the chances of the Wings of Light escaping successfully! This was the most logical tactic, but emotionally speaking—

She was a hero. It didn't matter if she died—Da Fei couldn't say that no matter what! What if she wasn't a hero, but an ordinary NPC?

A deep sense of helplessness and defeat welled up in Da Fei's heart.

At that moment, sunlight shone down from the dark clouds. A large golden light illuminated the gray sky of the Dark Sea. The entire sea sparkled with golden snakes!

An awe-inspiring voice exclaimed, "Impressive! An extraordinary mortal!"

Everyone was shocked and hurriedly looked up. The golden light blinded everyone’s eyes as they saw a golden-armored Heavenly God standing tall in the sky!

"It's an angel!" Cortner was shocked!

A majestic voice came from the sky again. "Mortals, I am the Angel of Death, Samael. I admire your performance. Welcome to the Sea of Underworld!"

I actually met an angel! I'm saved! At this moment, everyone's eyes brimmed with tears, and Serbia knelt on the ground and held Amitabha in both hands!

It was at this moment that a purple bolt of lightning exploded in the distance of the Nether Sea. The space above the sea suddenly distorted, and the entire Nether Sea became violent. A thunderous voice resounded through the world. “Samael, are you trying to invade my territory?”

Before he even arrived, his voice had already arrived! Such a shocking aura caused everyone's souls to tremble!

Under the strong winds, Samael’s light suddenly dimmed. He said indifferently, “I don’t mean that. I’m just taking a walk!”

Then, Samael hurriedly whispered to Alicia, "Mortal, lend me your crystal!"

Alicia raised the turbo crystal in her hand and asked blankly, "This?"

Samael said softly and anxiously, "Yes, quickly!"

At this moment, seeing a huge bone claw extending out from the Dimension Portal, Da Fei was so frightened that he did not know what to do. "Give it to him, give it to him!" It seemed like even Samael, who was very flashy, was afraid of this person. What the heck! Which Demon God was this?

Anlicia was so frightened that she hurriedly handed over the crystal. The crystal disappeared, and blue light suddenly flashed in the sky!

It was also at this moment that three rapidly spinning vortexes appeared around Radiance Wing, Whale Catcher, and Octopus.

Da Fei was delighted. So he was helping us escape! Hurry up!

Finally, an unidentified huge creature with many heads and claws walked out of the spatial door with a bloody glow. His thunderous roar shook the sky and earth. "Samael! How dare you snatch my prey!"

Following his roar, the wind and clouds in the sky changed as a wall-like tsunami swept over from afar!

What a god! Da Fei almost pissed his pants!

Samael quickly laughed and said, "Your Excellency Baham, you've misunderstood. They are my friends, and I accidentally got lost. Sorry, goodbye!"

With a flash of golden light, the dim golden light that illuminated the sky disappeared. At the same time, Da Fei's vision turned black. The scene changed. A green tree towered into the sky and a small island with blooming flowers appeared in front of him!

Where was this place?