Chapter 260: Blood Battle With The Sea Monsters

The thing that Da Fei was most worried about finally happened. As the Holy Son sang, small red dots started appearing on the edge of the radar map. The Dead Spirit Sea Monsters were here! They were definitely not here to listen to the Holy Son!

F*ck! Are they still going to sing? But looking at those red dots lingering in the distance, it seems like they have some reservations?

Da Fei hesitated for a moment and finally gritted his teeth. "Sing! If we don't sing, it will make us seem afraid of it!"

The day passed peacefully with the sailors busy cleaning and checking. Fortunately, all the rats and cockroaches were dead, which reduced the sailors' missions. The death energy of the Nether Sea wasn't completely useless.

A new day began, and more red dots began to hover around the fleet. From time to time, mysterious sea monsters would splash on the surface of the sea in the distance. Although this was not the first time the sailors had seen sea monsters, they had a natural fear of the Underworld's sea monsters, just like how some people were not afraid of humans but were afraid of ghosts. For a moment, the atmosphere of panic and unease filled the fleet.

Even Da Fei could not help but feel a little weak in his legs. Could it be that he had played too much?

Anyways! Continue singing! Now that things had come to this, it was impossible to stop halfway. If they didn't sing, the sailors would definitely collapse from fear. At the same time, the wandering sea monsters might swarm over!

However, it was very strange. Why was I attacked by the Undead Fish the moment I arrived at the Ghost Sea Horse and was safe for the next few days? Was it because my "luck" was too coincidental that I was teleported to the fish region? It was not impossible for me to be in the current state of absolute misfortune.

Forget it, I still have my ultimate move, transformation, Skila!

On the third day, the surface of the sea was filled with turbulent clouds. Fog was rising and dark waves were surging. On the radar, the entire fleet was surrounded by red clouds! There were even a few huge red dots. This was definitely a large Boss-level sea monster!

Looking at the strange situation on the surface of the sea, Sheng Ge could no longer appease the sailors' fear. The sailors shouted in horror, "What should we do? What should we do?! If we die here, we will never be able to transcend and become water ghosts!"

— System Message: Warning! Morale of your troops has decreased by 10 points. Attack has decreased. There is a chance that you will be unable to fight in a state of fear!

Da Fei's heart sank! Wasn't this morale drop too insane? However, in this state of absolute misfortune, whether the sailors fought or not had nothing to do with the overall situation, let alone a weak captain like him who only had Elementary Command Skill. He just didn't expect there to be so many sea monsters in the Dark Sea. Was this a sea monster fishery?

Da Fei let out a long sigh. It seemed like there was a limit to the advancement. He had finally gotten out of it! Even the Eastern Sea Region of the Surface World had to have players above Level 50 to go, let alone the Deadmire's Nether Sea.

However, it's not that I want to advance, but I have no choice in this world! What should I do now? Abandon the Whale Catcher and forcefully break through? This is the only way. Da Fei had no choice but to prepare for the worst. Even if he escaped, it doesn't matter. The rewards and skills I get are the greatest wealth of this journey. Even if the fleet is destroyed here, I will still be ahead of the times! I can take it and let it go!

Now, Da Fei immediately sent the flag-bearer to order Spielberg and all the navy members to return to the flagship. The other navy members were to prepare for battle.

As time passed, Serbia's singing began to tremble, and all the sailors turned pale! It's over! I believe everyone is starting to feel fear from the "divine grace", what's the point!

Waves surged on the surface of the sea. Finally, the red clouds on the radar moved! The sea monsters attacked from all directions!

Finally! It's time for me to use my ultimate move!

Da Fei shouted, "Sea monster transformation, I'll form the head!"

In an instant, the silver-black Wings of Radiance flashed with magic light. In the huge distortion of the space vision, a huge six-headed sea demon appeared!

— “Get lost!!!” Cortner suddenly hit the heavy piano keys, and the sound of his voice echoed throughout the sea!

And this time, he was really unhappy! Skila's prestige really did not work here!

The Undead Sea Monsters did not stop and charged forward without hesitation. A huge wave swept over from all directions!

F*ck! I'll fight it out with you guys!

Da Fei shouted, "The battle begins! Abandon the Whale Catcher and break out at full speed!"

As the mooring rope of Whale Catcher was released, Wings of Radiance suddenly accelerated like a wild horse!

Looking at the waves raised by the sea monsters, Da Fei gritted his teeth with bloodshot eyes. "Come on! The Horned Whale has its horn in front of its chest, and the Leviathan's armor is at its waist. We'll kill anything that stands in our way!"

At this moment, a dark red arc of light enveloped the sea monsters in front of them!

Da Fei was shocked. This Arc Light! Isn't this absolute bad luck? What's going on?

Just as he was in shock, the six-headed sea monster at the bow of the Radiance Wings ship flashed with black light! A large number of skull marks appeared in the sea monsters in front of him! Da Fei widened his eyes in shock. This was fear!

— System Message: The special skill of the Six-Headed Sea Demon Statue has been successfully used. 162 Dead Spirit Sea Monsters are affected by fear and cannot fight!

Da Fei was so shocked that his jaw dropped to the ground! That's not it! 162 sea monsters were all hit by special skills! This is a f*cking super divine weapon! An auxiliary equipment with a small probability of effect like the bow of the ship can only be used once or twice in a battle. It's already not bad. It's actually an AOE attack? How can it be so heaven-defying! Could it be that the enemies were hit by absolute bad luck? But why were the enemies hit by bad luck?

At this moment, Katerina's ecstasy woke up Da Fei who was in shock. "The enemy has lost their combat ability! Alicia, the Charging Runes of the Skeleton Dragon!"

— System Message: Wings of Light activated Charging Special Skill. Ship speed increased by 30% for 30 seconds!

The Wings of Light shuddered and accelerated once more!

No matter what he said, he could not explain how awesome he was. Da Fei came back to his senses and laughed. "Charge! Those who block me will die!"

— Boom!!! Waves of water soared into the sky! Wings of Radiance was like a sharp blade as it crashed into the incoming sea monsters. Under the impact of the huge force, all kinds of small and medium-sized sea monsters let out shrill screams and turned into broken bones! A large number of system messages obtained experience flooded out!

Holy f*ck! This experience is so scary!

Da Fei shouted excitedly, "Fire!"

* Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! * The left and right cannon doors of the Radiance Wings were opened, and the arrows that emitted the light of misfortune flew towards the sea monsters who were also in fear!

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Da Fei was so shocked that his eyes narrowed! Both sides were in a negative state! These attacks encompassed almost all the attacking states in the game! Even the Death Knight's heaven-defying special skill, the legendary one-in-a-million chance "critical hit" that only appeared in players! Was he too lucky or too unlucky?

Why is this happening? Why is this happening? Haha! Wahahaha! Da Fei let out a long laugh! I can win! I can win! As long as the other party is as unlucky as me, I can win. No, it's obviously more unlucky than me!

Maybe I don’t have to break out? Maybe I can keep the whaler alive?

Da Fei was excited. Da Fei changed his mind and made a prompt decision. "Fight! Kill them all!"

That's right, he was already prepared to give up everything. Even if changing his mind was a wrong decision, it would only bring him back to the outcome he had expected! How many times could there be in life?