Chapter 272: Master Voyager

The black clouds on the horizon rolled over like a black curtain. This was the second strike of the storm.

Samael stood on the mast of the Radiance Wings and slowly waved his hands to cast a spell. A spiral-shaped cyclone shining with golden light appeared in his constantly moving palms. The cyclone grew bigger, rising higher. A small whirlwind was constantly forming and growing until a huge cyclone was spiraling above the city!

Serbia devoutly clenched his hands in front of his chest and stared unblinkingly at every movement and every detail of his casting!

Without a doubt, the reason Samael cast the spell so slowly was to teach Serbia step by step! Of course, this was necessary! The Dragon King had already turned enemies into friends and given him benefits, so he should give him some benefits too! But why was he showing off his strength in front of the Dragon King?

Samael said, "The Dao of Strength is not about strength, but about using the most appropriate strength to achieve the greatest effect at the most appropriate time. Under normal circumstances, it's impossible to resist the storm that has already taken shape, but it's different in the Eye of Storm. This is the origin of the storm. A small reverse storm here can have the effect of the small-toothed wheel leading the big gears until it stops the storm!"

With that said, he suddenly loosened his hands, and the huge whirlwind in the sky above the city let out a roar that resounded through the sky and the sea, flowing wildly in all directions. When the two violent storms crashed into each other, the entire sky above the sea of the netherworld exploded with thunder, and the entire world was illuminated by the lightning for a long time!

At this moment, a golden light flashed on Serbia!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, has comprehended Grandmaster-level light magic, "Storm Assault"!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia has learned Grandmaster-level light magic.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, obtained information about God-level Light Magic "Lightning Storm".

Oh yeah! He comprehended it! He even brought along a God-grade information! Wahahahaha! This reward is awesome!

Samast also laughed. "Your Excellency Samael, I've always underestimated you. I feel that even that Bahamian from that day might not be much stronger than you. I'm very glad to be able to ally with you."

Samael smiled and said, "Actually, as the creator of the Dragon of Curses, the Samast Pavilion is not really helpless against such bad luck. Your Excellency has adopted a mutually beneficial and tolerant attitude. I deeply admire your magnanimity and wisdom."

The two deities laughed loudly, feeling as if they had met a bosom friend and regretted not meeting him earlier.

Sumast laughed again. "Today's battle was very big. I'm sure everyone thought that you and I had fought until our heads bled?"

Samael smiled and said, "But we became friends after fighting. We have become allies!"

Samast smiled. "No one would have thought of that."

Samael smiled. "Then, let's continue to surprise them!"

The two of them laughed again. Da Fei shook his head lightly. God was God. At the end of the day, it was still calculated carefully. This fight might not have started from the beginning? That was probably true. God's fight consumed the server's resources. Even the electricity fee had to be paid a few cents more. The system would definitely not do something like this that was losing money.

The wind and waves gradually calmed down, and the lightning gradually ceased. An earth-shattering storm had finally extinguished the bait. And at this moment, the system notification sounded!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully advanced to Master Voyager!

— Master Voyager: The speed of Hero's ship increases by 50% at sea. The effect is superimposed with Nautical Skill. Hero receives an additional sub-occupation * * * * reward every level. Hero's sub-hero gain 500 EXP daily at sea.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has successfully advanced to Intermediate Voyager.

— System Message: Cortner successfully advanced to Advanced Voyager.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully learned the hidden sub-skill "Crisis Management", your leadership skill has been upgraded to Intermediate!

— Crisis Management: Reduce the probability of disasters happening to the troops' supplies and facilities. The higher the level of the Leader Skill, the more obvious the effect of the skill.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has successfully learned Crisis Management. Serbia's Leadership Skill has been upgraded to Intermediate!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Katerina, has successfully learned the leadership skill "Crisis Management". Katerina's leadership skill has been upgraded to Advanced!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has successfully comprehended the leadership skill "Crisis Management". Her leadership skill has been upgraded to Intermediate!

— System Message: Your Chamber of Commerce member Spielberg has successfully learned Crisis Management…

— System Message: Cortner successfully learned Crisis Management…

• • •

Da Fei laughed wildly as he looked at the large row of system messages!

I'm a Master Voyager now! I'm finally upgrading one attribute point and reaching the level of a normal part-time job. It's not easy, it's really not easy! However, I've overcome such a huge hurdle, so I have to reap all these rewards! I knew that the greatest treasure of this trip is the comprehension of skills! Knowledge is power! However, it seems that Katerina's God-level Voyager has yet to comprehend anything. She can't even break through to God-level in such a difficult test?

Samael smiled. "Mortal, no, my friend! Congratulations on your improvement!"

Da Fei hurriedly smiled and said, "No, no, it's all thanks to the blessings of Sir Oracle!"

Samael smiled and said, "There aren't many people in this world who can become a Master Voyager. However, I have to remind you that if you want to become a Grandmaster Voyager, all your basic skills have to be at least at the Master level."

Da Fei said in surprise, "Basic skills?"

Samael smiled and said, "To become a junior navigator, you have to know all the risky combat skills. That's the basic skills!"

— System Message: You received information on Grandmaster Voyager.

Da Fei was stunned. So, my Attack Skill, Defense Skill, Logistics Skill, Leadership Skill, and Defense Skill still have to be maxed out? Damn, this is a gap of more than ten Skill Points!

But it doesn't matter. I'm only Level 37. I'm still young. When I reach Level 50, I'll have everything! Wahahaha!

At this moment, Samast spoke, "Your Excellency Samael, now that the storm has stopped, the various overlords will definitely come to observe the post-war situation. In order to maintain a sense of mystery, it's better to let them know nothing."

Samael laughed. "That's right. It's time for us to leave. Then, Your Excellency Samast, see you next time!"

Sumast smiled and said, "I'll send you off!"

With that said, a huge array suddenly appeared in the sea below the fleet.

Da Fei was so shocked that his jaw dropped to the ground! What the heck, what am I shocked for? It's not surprising for a God-grade powerhouse to do anything! Fortunately, I'm smart enough to form an alliance!

As the space distorted, the scene changed. Da Fei's fleet appeared in a familiar sea area. It was near the sea area where the fleet was during the storm.

Samael smiled and said, "Friend, I've put in a lot of effort this time. I have to stay in Fatalon to recuperate for some time. I look forward to meeting you when you reach Level 50!"

Da Fei quickly bowed and said, "Thank you for taking care of me along the way!"

Samael smiled and said, "I still say the same thing. You are worth my care. Goodbye!" With a flash of golden light, Samael disappeared.

Da Fei let out a long sigh of relief. Now, there was nothing else to say. He headed towards Miracle Island. For all the teams who had learned how to fight disasters, Da Fei was confident that he could fight against the remaining misfortune.

(Author's note: Please count Da Fei's attributes as Master Voyager after he reaches Level 37. Hehe!)