Chapter 277: Father And Daughter

When they returned to the Surface World, the entire fleet was cheering. Miracle Island had arrived, so how far would Eloreen be? Victory was right before their eyes!

However, there was one more thing. It was time to settle down his father's bones.

Da Fei brought Serbia on a small boat to the small reef outside the island. There was still a dried skeleton on the reef.

Serbia trembled. “This is—Papa’s remains?”

Da Fei sighed. "That's right. I obtained his package here."

Serbia knelt down and hugged his father's skull, crying, "Daddy!

Da Fei sighed. "My condolences. Let's bury Dad's remains on the island."

Serbia sobbed. "No! I want to take him back to his hometown for burial!"

Dafei said in surprise, "That's not good, it might alert that big shot?"

Tears streamed down Serbia's face. "I can't let Dad's soul linger in the dark sea!"

At this moment, a fog slowly rose from the skeleton. Ghost? Da Fei's eyes widened in shock! Serbia's entire body shook!

— "Is it Serbia? Is it my child?" The ghost let out a low and excited voice!

Serbia widened her teary eyes and said in shock, "Yes… Daddy?"

Da Fei was enlightened! He knew it. Under normal circumstances, the skeletons used to pick up treasures for players would be refreshed by the System once they were used. This skeleton would not be refreshed for months. There was indeed a follow-up storyline!

The ghost said with a trembling voice, "It was fate that brought us father and daughter back together! You being able to appear here means that you already know the truth, but it's really more despairing than I imagined. It's also because I died that I realized that that person's strength far exceeded my expectations. The current you is far from being his match. Go to the new world, go to a place that I marked as the Sea of Light on the sea map to train yourself! Goodbye, my child. Thank you for awakening my sleeping soul. I will use my last faith to protect you…"

As he spoke, the ghost fog turned into star fragments and dispersed with the wind. At the same time, a white light flashed on Serbia!

— System Message: You have completed the hidden branch quest "Father and Daughter Reunion" of the epic quest "Conspirer on the Grand Line". You have received + 3 million EXP. Your sub-hero Serbia Knowledge + 10, Magic Power + 10, Health + 100, Free Skill Points + 5.

— System Message: You received information about the Sea of Light.

"Daddy!" Serbia cried.

Da Fei sighed. So it was a hidden side quest that added attributes to Serbia! Speaking of which, there really weren't many quests to add skills to the sub-hero! Great, this trip was really great. Wahahaha! As for the Sea of Light and whatnot, it definitely wasn't something that he could go to now. In short, he just had to continue developing in the Old World.

With his father's soul gone, it was only symbolic where his remains were buried. In the end, Serbia listened to the captain's suggestion and buried his remains under the coconut trees on the island.

Serbia paid his last respects in front of the grave. He wiped his tears and said resolutely, "Captain, I want to use the skill points Father gave me to learn Nautical Skill. I want to inherit Father's career!"

Can you not mention Nautical Skill? My team skills have obviously been repeated! However, Serbia has already learned Advanced Skills. Now that I've accumulated three Skill Points at Level 36, plus five Skill Points, I still have plenty of them. Da Fei took out the Nautical Skill Book and nodded. "Okay! You can learn it if you want!"

Thus, golden light flashed above Serbia’s head.

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia spent 2 Skill Points to learn Master-level Nautical Skill!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia spent 1 Skill Point and learned Nautical Skill "Measuring Skill"!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia spent 1 Skill Point and learned the Nautical Skill sub-skill "Combat Repair"!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia spent 1 Skill Point and learned Nautical Skill sub-skill "Delay"!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia spent 1 Skill Point and learned the Nautical Skill sub-skill "Point Cruise"!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia spent 1 Skill Point and learned the Nautical Skill sub-skill "Shipwrecking"!

Ah! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! Sister! It's enough that you've learned Master-level Nautical Skills. Why did you even learn these useless sub-skill skills! Seven Skill Points! The legacy that your father gave you with his life was squandered just like that!

In other words, in order to unleash your abilities, I can't even bring you around to be a wet nurse. I have to specially give you a ship to be the captain? What the f*ck, what the f*ck! Without Little Mi by my side, can I still be called Little Mi? Da Fei instantly regretted it.

However, Nautical Skills were not completely trash. For example, fixed-point cruising. After the sub-hero learned this skill, he could automatically go back and forth between the two ports to shop. It was the kind of money farming skill that players would use after logging off. It was known as the official cheat! However, doing business itself was a profound knowledge. Furthermore, the sub-hero would never take orders from the players. Furthermore, it was a random shopping spree, and they would never know how to look at the market price. In short, once the players woke up, as long as they did not lose money, they would be extremely lucky.

Now, Da Fei had the last Skill Point to decide. He did not say anything else and learned the poetry recitation skill that Cortner had given him. The Merfolk Saint had given him a seemingly awesome harp, and the equipment that could increase the Skill Limit was used to reach the Grandmaster level.

Another golden light flashed!

— System Message: Your sub-hero Serbia spent one Skill Point and learned "Poetry Art"!

He finally used up all his Skill Points. Out of sight, out of mind.

There was nothing else to say now. The fleet continued to move. With the current speed of the fleet, they would reach Erolyn in less than ten days.

However, the closer he got to victory, the more he had to keep his cool. As long as he still had absolute bad luck on his head, he could not let his guard down! Hence, Da Fei ordered, "Everyone, be on high alert!"

Looking back at home, the morale of the navy members was high as well. Very good, as long as their morale and skills were high, the chances of a disaster happening to the fleet would be lower. It seemed that keeping the Lich Dragon alive was the right choice.

On the third day, Cortner suddenly came over and said, "Captain, the Barren Pirates' sea is up ahead. I suggest we take a detour for safety reasons. It will only delay our flight for five days."

Da Fei was stunned. "That's true. I almost forgot there are pirates here!"

Katerina laughed. "What's there to be afraid of? This isn't my hometown. As long as I call out, no one will dare touch our fleet! Furthermore, if we take a detour, we will have to pass through the rapids of the nearby reefs. With our fleet's current situation, there's no guarantee that nothing will happen."

Da Fei was suddenly delighted. "That's true. I almost forgot that Katerina is also a Barren Pirate!" Wahaha, so this was the benefit of having an Epic Hero with a background. This was equivalent to having a pass to enter the Barren Sea. Ordinary tavern heroes could not compare at all.

Katerina laughed again and said, "A few days ago, when I saw Serbia crying, I couldn't help but feel a little sad. I suddenly thought of my old man. Oh right, Captain, let's go back to Famine Island to visit my father. I want him to know that I'm doing very well!"

Sigh, it's not a good thing to have too many father-in-law. I'm now reloading into the pirate's nest. What's going on? This is a show of filial piety to my father-in-law! I'm not mentally prepared!

Da Fei coughed and said, "This… After all, the fleet is not in good condition. Can you find some time to come and take a look?"

Katerina snorted. "What a joke! Now that the fleet has so many valuable goods, there shouldn't be any complications."

Dafei quickly laughed and said, "Yes, yes, yes. I'm also afraid that a long night will bring trouble."

• • •

On the fourth day, the outline of the Barren Islands could be seen.

Katerina was indeed suspicious. "What's going on? We have already entered the Barren Island's coastal area. Why aren't there any patrolling fleets stopping us? What if we are the Kingdom Navy? Wouldn't that be a big deal? Where's Uncle Barak?"

Dafei laughed and said, "About that, I think it's better not to see it."

Finally, a dozen or so white sails appeared on the edge of the archipelago.

Katerina suddenly clapped her hands and laughed. "I see, I see! I see! Who is this? Isn’t it too irresponsible of them to only take action when they are already at our doorstep? Come, let’s teach them a lesson!"

Da Fei anxiously said, "No, no, no, let's not cause trouble! Hurry up and greet them before we leave."

Katerina laughed and said, "Got it! Captain, don't worry!"

The other party set up a fan-shaped formation and approached. The two parties were getting closer.

Katerina was stunned. “What’s going on? That ship doesn’t seem to belong to us Barren Pirates!”

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. No way!

Katerina exclaimed, "What's going on? Blood-Sail Pirates! Blackwater Pirates! Innocent Pirates! Why are they in our Barren Sea territory!"

Dafei said in surprise, "Will they give face and let us pass?"

Katerina frowned. "They won't even give my father face, let alone me!"

At this moment, more than ten fireworks flare shot into the sky from the pirate ship ahead and exploded!

Katerina gritted her teeth and said, "It's the pirate's attack order! Captain, prepare for battle!"

Da Fei's balls shattered all over the ground! Wasn't this a scam?

But it doesn't matter. Who am I now? A God with absolute misfortune above my head! The Dead Spirit Sea Monsters will instinctively feel fear and flee when they see me. You foolish mortals really don't know the power of bad luck that I've accumulated for more than ten days. I'll let you know what it means to die when you seek death!