Chapter 274: Phoenix Feather’S Revenge

Junwen

Ever since Sword From The East joined the Unrivaled Warrior and Unrivaled Super Hottie's team, he quickly became friends with them. He even teamed up with them and went to a few daily quest dungeons in the city to farm Reputation Points. In short, this was his strategy to infiltrate the enemy and gain their trust.

Yi Donglai keenly sensed that these two people were completely incompatible with the other members of the Chamber of Commerce. Why was this? The sense of leadership between the upper class and the lower class? If this was the case, these two people were even more worthy of attention.

Invincible Soldier was a Level 32 Druid. His talent seemed to be Destruction Magic Specialist, and he had no sub-heroes. He could talk and his skills were above average. He could only be said to be a proficient player and not even an ordinary expert.

Invincible Weiguo was a Level 31 ranger. His talent seemed to be that of a Level 2 Earth Hunter. He had no sub-hero, was silent, and had skills… It was hard to look at him directly.

Why did Da Fei choose these two people as his trusted subordinates? What was Da Fei's philosophy of using people? This was something that puzzled Donglai. However, one thing was for sure. The reason these two people kept dragging him into the monsters Instance Dungeon was because they saw that he had 10 extremely powerful Dark Night Druids.

With the help of his ten powerful soldiers, some of the dungeons that they could not possibly fight had been successfully completed. This was the lackey that Da Fei relied on the most? Just like that? It did not matter. He would just follow them around first. After all, his experience and reputation were not at a disadvantage.

With a thunderous boom, the final Boar of the instance dungeon let out a miserable scream and collapsed!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have completed the Logistics Officer's bounty mission, "Eliminate the Boar Horde that endangers the farm." You have received 50,000 EXP and 500 gold coins as a reward. You have received Erolyn City's Reputation + 3,000, wild boar's mane + 76, wild boar's tusk + 2…

“Oh yeah!” The Invincible Armament Soldier and the Invincible Armament Soldier burst into cheers of excitement. “It’s all in the bag!”

Yi Donglai asked in surprise, "What's wrong?"

The soldier patted Yi Jian Donglai on the shoulder and said in a gratified manner, "Little Jian, do you want to go out to sea to make a fortune? The three of us can sum up the money to transport the goods, and the money earned will be divided according to our share!"

Your sister is the small sword! Yi Jian Donglai frowned and suppressed his displeasure as he chuckled. "Then how much money can I earn? I'm too lazy to make a trip."

The soldier laughed. "You're too lazy to run? Let's go. I'll bring you to the shipyard to see the goods!"

That's right. After nearly ten days of continuous Reputation Points, the big soldier and Dawei finally ended the game successfully with the help of their powerful teammate Xiao Jian. They obtained 100,000 reputation points. They could finally sail the ship Da Fei had left for them. Of course, with their standards, they could already sail the ship. The other experts would definitely be able to sail the ship too. The world had already entered the era of ships and would stay in this era for a very long time.

When Eastern Sword arrived at the shipyard with the two of them, he couldn't help but feel shocked when he saw the 500 module ship!

500 cabins! That was equivalent to a convoy of 50 vehicles! That was equivalent to 50 small boats that he had sailed in the past! And the cost of operating a ship was 100 times lower than that of a convoy with the same transport capacity! This was the advantage of shipping! This was the realm that he had dreamed of back then!

The soldier laughed and said, "I went to get electricity for Brother Fei just now. Brother Fei said that we can do whatever we want! How about it? Do you want to go out to sea with us?"

Tsk! He was just afraid that Blood Sea Studio would kill them and ask him to be their bodyguard! However, how could he not be happy using the resources of his enemies to earn money? A thought flashed through Eastern Sword's mind. "Alright! Right, where is Brother Fei?"

The soldier shook his head and sighed. "Brother Fei is many levels higher than us. We don't know where he is even if he gives us his name."

Bootlicker! Donglai cursed in his heart, but he still laughed. "I have 4,600 gold coins!"

Dawei, who had been silent all this while, finally spoke. "I'm 5,100."

The soldier smiled and said, "I have 6200! In short, this amount of money is enough for us to do a big job. Let's go! We have earned quite a lot of credit points by farming Reputation Missions during this period of time. Let's go and collect all the goods! Oh right, Dawei, give me your money. Then, go to the dock tavern and hire a sub-hero who knows Master-level nautical skills to run the ship."

Dawei nodded.

Tsk! He was afraid that the sub-hero would drag him down and level up, so he asked someone else to take care of him! Yi Donglai finally understood why Da Fei wanted this Invincible Weiguo to be his trusted aide. Because he was a fool! A trusted aide not only needed a smart and clever person, but also a fool who would listen to whatever others said. Yi Donglai had a basic understanding of Da Fei's ways of using people. He had to admit that he was very smart!

Dawei went to the tavern to recruit heroes, so the soldier brought Xiaojian to the Chamber of Commerce to collect goods. Then, he went back to the dock and excitedly watched the porters load the goods onto the ship.

Just as the soldiers were excitedly calculating how much they could earn from the long-range transport, a player wearing an eye-catching red robe appeared in front of them. He asked indifferently, "Where is Da Fei?"

Needless to say, he was looking for trouble! The soldier frowned. "What is it?"

Xiao Jian was secretly pleased. He walked forward with a serious expression and said arrogantly, "Oh? This dress is very impressive? What brand is it?"

Phoenix Feather snorted and turned to look at the cargo ship on the dock. "I want this ship! When the time comes, Da Fei will have no choice but to retreat!"

The soldier's expression changed.

That's right, this player was Phoenix Feather. He was here to cause trouble!

During this period of time, Feather of the Phoenix was very depressed. Being eliminated early in the preliminaries was one of the reasons, and the other reason was that a large number of experts had emerged in the preliminaries both domestically and abroad. These experts were all people that he could not underestimate, which made Phoenix Feather, who had always felt good about himself, very unhappy. After that, he received an invitation from Stars Guild. To ordinary players, this was a great honor, but to the arrogant Feather of the Phoenix, the other party's offer was simply an insult!

"Xingchen? You don't know me, who changed my name. I recognized you during the open beta. I robbed you of so many SSSs and killed so many of your members that you don't even have a temper! Not to mention that you don't know how to enter the toilet, even if you offer professional prices, I won't be interested."

The big guilds were all meant to be stepped on, to show off how awesome they were!

However, since Da Fei and the United Kingdom both had a warship, as well as the so-called number one God-level sea battle hero in the China server, Raging Sea of Blood, who was also in the limelight at the Pool of Light, this caused a huge oceanic sensation to some extent. Professional teams and ordinary players from all over the world all flocked to the ocean that was rich in profits. The development of the ocean was already a trend. Therefore, after careful consideration, Phoenix Feather decided to develop towards the ocean.

On the ocean, his Thunderbolt's long-range advantage would be fully utilized. As long as he had a fast ship, he could completely blast the other party until they could not retaliate. Then, he could easily snatch the other party's goods and even the ship. That's right, Phoenix Feather decided to take the pirate robbery route.

Looking at the harbor in the China server, the Elorine, which had many long-distance specialties, was undoubtedly the best base. And this was coincidentally Da Fei's base, as well as the development base of the so-called Number One God-level Sea War Hero. That would be even better. First, he would trample over the two of them! However, if Raging Sea of Blood was sensible, he could let him live and let him be a dog. As long as he could defeat Da Fei first, Raging Sea of Blood would naturally be sensible.

At this moment, faced with the aggressiveness of the Feather of the Phoenix, Little Sword even mocked with an arrogant tone, "Hey, hey, your funny clothes were dyed by your aunt, right? Otherwise, why is it so red?" Da Fei had a smart underling, a stupid underling, and now, he was still lacking an arrogant underling who could fight. Let me be arrogant and help him gain hatred!

The arrogant Feather of the Phoenix obviously didn’t want to waste his breath on these lackeys. He sneered and said: “See you at sea later!” After saying that, he proudly left.

Xiao Jian pointed his middle finger. "Idiot!"

The soldier could tell that something was wrong. He said guiltily, "This joker seems to be an expert? He must have some skills to dare to come and cause trouble for Brother Fei. Are we not going out to sea?"

Xiao Jian laughed in his heart. After all, he was here to gain Hatred Points. It was none of his business if he couldn't get out of the customs. Xiao Jian said calmly, "Then do as you see fit."

The soldier couldn't help but feel conflicted. If he didn't go out to sea, he would look like a coward. Most importantly, he would be looked down upon by this newcomer. Brother Fei's style had always been domineering. If he knew about this, he would definitely have some thoughts. His position as the vice-president would inevitably become unstable. In short, he couldn't lose his temperament!

The soldier gritted his teeth. “That’s right! He’s just a joker. Let’s do what we need to do!”

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']