Chapter 271: An Alliance Under The City

Boom! More than ten bolts of lightning struck down with a loud bang. Another stone pillar exploded like a beehive coal after the wind, bursting with flames!

— System Message: You have caused great damage to Ghost Dragon Cliff in the Underworld City. EXP + 6.1 million! Your reputation at Ghost Dragon Cliff has turned into hatred! Your reputation at Fatalon has become trust!

Da Fei let out a long laugh! He was the man who appeared with background music and lightning!

As expected! In the game, if NPCs asked players to find something to kill a boss, it would usually be a scam. If they asked players to kill a God, ah! Then they could be at ease. Such an unreliable quest definitely had all kinds of powerful NPCs escorting it, and all kinds of quest items that could weaken a God. It was actually much easier.

The current situation was like this. As long as Big Brother Angel kept pushing himself, he would gain five to six million experience points. This was definitely giving him experience points. Wahahaha, he was still worried that it would be difficult for his family to level up.

Another bolt of lightning struck. A golden light flashed above Da Fei's head!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 37…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Katerina, has reached Level 36…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has leveled up to Level 36…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has reached Level 32.

He leveled up! He leveled up twice in less than a few minutes! Da Fei was extremely satisfied! He did not come to the Underworld for nothing!

Samast said angrily, "Samael, even if your Fatalon has a natural light barrier, you won't be able to keep it if you use too much of your divine power."

Samael laughed. "You can't keep it? No one wants my territory even if I give it to them. Whoever wants it can take it!"

Samast snorted. "Even in the eyes of the undead, Fatalon is still valuable! The value of Fatalon being destroyed is far greater than the value of occupation! I believe that many overlords nearby have long disliked Talon and wanted to destroy it."

Samael chuckled. "To me, the value of the Ghost Dragon Cliff being destroyed is also greater than the value of occupation! However, I have confirmed that compared to the undead, Fatalon, the nearby overlords will be more inclined to occupy your Ghost Dragon Cliff!"

Samast said angrily, "From the looks of it, you're determined to end up with both sides suffering?"

Samael smiled and said, "Do I have any other choice? You might be able to tolerate all the enemies, but you can't tolerate me. When you become stronger, I won't even have a place to retire."

Samast said in a deep voice, "You still have a choice! That is to join forces with me!"

Samael laughed out loud as if he had heard the most ridiculous joke. Da Fei, on the other hand, had a blank look on his face! Was it because they had a vendetta against each other?

Samast said in a deep voice, "Originally, you weren't qualified to join forces with me, but now you are! I have to say, your foresight is very unique!"

Samael chuckled. "Oh?"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. He understood what she meant. She was talking about him! He was indeed very impressive. He had already become an important bargaining chip for God's negotiation! Tsk! Was he happy being a bargaining chip? The happiest thing was to gain EXP. You guys can talk about what you want, I'll continue to do what you want! Wahahaha!

Samast continued, "Our power is limited. The Dark Sea is indeed vast, and it can definitely accommodate both of us. You and I may look different, but we actually have a foundation to work together."

Samael said calmly, "Tell me about it."

Samast said indifferently, "Firstly, you and I are both outsiders, and we are not tolerated by the local overlords. Secondly, you are a fallen angel, and there is no place for you in the God Realm anymore. There will also be no place for you in all the worlds. It is not in your interest to have both sides suffer heavy losses, nor is it in my interest. Thirdly, even if we do not trust each other, we will still have to fight in the end, but it should not be now. If we fight now, neither side will win, and the other overlords will take the opportunity to drive us out of the Nether Sea! Therefore, we can only cooperate now!"

Da Fei couldn't help but be stunned? Fallen Angel? Hey, hey, she's a Death Angel, okay! I can't tarnish her political identity just because of her low position, okay?

Samael laughed. "You make sense, but what about sincerity?"

Samast said in a deep voice, "I don't have anything that can express my sincerity! You have to take a gamble, just like you did in this crazy operation! I admit that you won this gamble, but I can take a defensive stance in the future. As long as I can hold out longer than you, when your Fatalon is destroyed first, then my luck will turn for the better. You should understand that the storm is about to arrive, and we don't have much time to negotiate!"

Samael shook his head and smiled at the driver's seat. "Mortal, we are only allies. You are not my subordinate. I think the most important thing in such a big matter is your opinion."

Friendship? Damn, I like that! But I prefer bombing cities to gain experience.

— System Message: The forces of Ghost Dragon Cliff and the forces of Fatalon are trying to form an alliance agreement. As a key figure of the alliance agreement, you are enough to control the situation. Do you agree to the alliance between Ghost Dragon Cliff and Fatalon?

— System Message: If you don't agree to the alliance, both parties will maintain the current state of battle. If you agree to the alliance, your relationship with Ghost Dragon Cliff will be restored to "cooperation".

There was actually a system notification! Da Fei's brows suddenly jumped! This is going to be a big mission? Ask me if I agree? Isn't this nonsense? I'm so weak, of course I hope for peace! How can mortals participate in a battle between gods? They can kill me with a fart! The problem is—where's my sincerity? I'm so awesome because I might not dare to use a divine weapon next time! If I'm exposed, I won't even have the guts to take revenge next time!

Yes, I want sincerity! Samael was poor, and this City Lord was definitely not poor.

Da Fei shouted, "City Lord, although you don't have anything to show your sincerity to Lord Samael, I'm just a mortal. You should be able to satisfy my sincerity, right?"

Samast laughed. "Mortal, my specialty here is a level-eight Lich Dragon. To express my sincerity, I will open the recruitment of Lich Dragons to you. However, if we reach an alliance, I will give you one for free. How about it?"

Da Fei's eyes widened! So those white Ghost Dragons were Level 8 Soldiers! No matter what race they were, as long as they were Level 8 Soldiers, they were definitely as powerful as Bosses. Hell Baron, Leviathan, and seraphs were all extremely powerful! Although he could not see how powerful these dragons were, it was because their opponents were Gods!

Da Fei was tempted! Firstly, Da Fei did not want to continue taking risks in the Dark Sea. Peace was the best choice. Whether it was a real alliance or a fake one, as long as he escaped safely, he would not care about the Dark Sea behind him.

Secondly, it seemed like he had heard on the guild channel that the foreign professional players were going to focus their firepower on him. He was lacking a strong army!

There was nothing much to say. They agreed to form an alliance!

Samael laughed. "Mortal, I'll bet with you!"

Samast said in a deep voice, "Mortal, wise choice!"

— System Message: The battle has ended! You have facilitated the alliance between Fatalon and Ghost Dragon Cliff. Your reputation in Ghost Dragon Cliff has been restored to "cooperation!" Your reputation in Fatalon has become "respect"!

— System Message: A Lich Dragon has joined your army! Morale of your army -5!

— System Message: You have obtained the information of the Epic Mission "New Bureau of the Nether Sea". You need to reach Level 50 before you can officially trigger the mission.

What the heck! There really is an Epic Mission! Fortunately, I don't have anything to do with it now! However, the Lich Dragon's morale has dropped too drastically! Da Fei hurriedly checked the Lich Dragon's information when he saw a gigantic bone dragon with white light hovering at the top of the cockpit!

— Lich Dragon: Level 8 Undead Army with a large body. Attack: 65, Defense: 55, Damage: 65-105, Health: 1700, Command Value: 40, Attack Speed: 10, Magic Resistance: + 65%, Dark Magic Resistance: + 90%. Special Skill: Flying Creature, Spitting Poison Cloud, Age Curse, Low Morale, Phantom Body.

— Poison Cloud Spit: It can cause strong corrosive poison cloud damage to all enemies within a certain area. It is effective against mechanical bodies and elemental bodies.

— Age Curse: An enemy that can use another tactical position to age! When aging, health points, damage, speed decrease by 20% and 50%. It is ineffective against mechanical bodies and elemental bodies. It can only be used once in a battle.

— Morale Depression: Lich Dragon can raise morale to -5.

— Spirit Body: Lich Dragon has a 50% chance of completely dodging the physical attack. After dodging twice, it will hit the third time.

Da Fei was dumbfounded! This trick special skill! This was the Lich Dragon! Strategy troops, they were definitely top-notch Strategy troops! What did they mean by top-notch Strategy troops? Top-notch Strategy troops were the type of troops that could be of great use as long as they were in the formation! In front of such a powerful special skill, Attack, Defense, Damage, and other attributes were no longer important! Even lowering the morale of the troops was a little too painful!

At this moment, Samast said in a deep voice, "Your Excellency Samael, please allow me to call you that. Storm is about to land. As an ally, you should think of a way to reduce my losses!"

Samael laughed. "That's good! In order to show my sincerity, I'll spend some energy!"

Samael looked at Serbia, who was watching him sincerely on Octopus, and smiled. "nun, the more rare the light energy is in the Underworld, the more difficult it is to cast spells. The more you can understand the value of light energy, the more you can concentrate on understanding the essence of light energy. You seem to have learned some skills through capturing the wind trajectory. How rare! Now look carefully, I'll only demonstrate once! (1)