Chapter 279: Trapped

The pirates had a unique trait. Before the battle began, they were all as cunning as ghosts, unwilling to suffer any losses. However, once the battle started, they would lose all control over everything and would not stop until they were satisfied.

Hence, after the first dozen pirate ships that attacked Da Fei were fooled by him, they flew into a rage out of humiliation and turned around to chase after him. At the same time, Raging Sea of Blood followed closely behind Da Fei's fleet and continuously sent out signal flares to locate the Barak fleet in the port. A larger encirclement was about to be set up!

Now, Da Fei also saw his old acquaintance through the telescope! Raging Sea of Blood, it was him! This surprised Da Fei greatly. So he was hanging around the Barren Pirates! Oh right, someone seemed to have seen him appear in the main city? How did he do it as a pirate? Could it be that he was a legendary undercover pirate? No matter what, he missed his acquaintance greatly. Da Fei greeted him.

— Area Channel: When will revenge last? Why are you doing this? Why?

— Regional Channel: F*ck your bullsh * t! If it were you, I would give it a try?

— Regional Channel: If I were you, I would definitely not argue with an ordinary player. Instead, I would stand in the present, look at the future, work hard to develop a studio, earn money to support my family, pass on positive energy, and contribute to the development of society.

— Regional Channel: F*ck you, trash liar, country thief! Even if you are shameless, you have to have a bottom line. If I don't kill you today, I won't be Raging Sea of Blood!

— Regional Channel: You are seriously ill, it's time to take your medicine!

— Regional Channel: Your whole family took medicine! Your whole family died!

— Regional Channel: F*cking mad dog! Your whole family is dead!

• • •

Damn it! Da Fei regretted fighting with this guy. Of course, he had seen too many people like him in the past. The way to teach him a lesson was too simple. It was to anger him to death. He was so angry that he could not sleep! You want to kill me? I won't let you have your way!

Da Fei gritted his teeth and asked, "Can we escape?"

Katerina said in a deep voice, "It's very difficult! Although we have a slight advantage in speed when it comes to navigation skills, pirate ships are all high-speed materials made of light armor and light materials. We have an advantage in terms of ship shape. Unless we abandon all our goods, there's no way we can escape!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "Throw goods? Why is it another toss!"

Katerina said, "Then there's only the second method. Hold on until night. Anything is possible at night!"

Da Fei looked up at the sky. The red sun was right in the middle! This meant that he had to hold on for at least an hour in real life! However, it was obvious that the pirates had already spread their net and would not give him that time.

Da Fei asked, "The advantage of a pirate ship's speed is that it has a low HP bar, right?"

Katerina nodded. "That's right. That's why pirate ships never engage in gunfighting with the kingdom's navy! What we need to pay attention to is to avoid battles on board! However, I believe that even if we board a ship, we can deal with bad luck!"

Dafei said resolutely, "Then let's fight!"

Da Fei opened his long-lost attribute bar:

Level 37, Strategy Attack: 57 (Personal Attack: 57), Strategy Defense: 29 (Personal Defense: 59), Magic Power: 0, Knowledge: 1, Damage: 15-17, Health: 356, Ziyou Skill Points: 3, Unassigned Sex Points: 45!

I didn't see wrongly. I have a total of 45 Ziyou attribute points! These points are all accumulated from my leveling up, Voyager, and Appraiser! I remember that I didn't add any attribute points after adding one attribute point in the Pool of Light. It's not because I forgot, but because I was too awesome and couldn't sense the importance of attribute points and hadn't found the direction of growth in the future, so I forgot. Alright, I forgot!

I don't have many people now, so I have to rely on myself to fight. I have to increase my points!

What should I add? Back then, I wanted to rely on the Ballista to beat people up. I never thought of fighting personally. At the same time, in order to complement the all-out attack sub-hero, Katerina, I chose to increase my defense. Now that there are fewer people and fewer people, it's the same no matter what I add. There's nothing else to say. Continue to increase my defense! Only with high defense can I withstand attacks. Only then can Serbia have room for healing.

— System Message: You have assigned 45 ziyou attribute points to defensive attribute points. Your Strategic Defense is 74, and your personal Defense is 104!

104 Defense points! Da Fei could not help but take a deep breath! This Defense was even higher than a normal medium-sized ship! It was not an exaggeration to say that it was as thick as a city wall. He was definitely the main tank in the dungeon to tank the Boss! Since he had added Defense points, it was time to graduate from Defense Skills. He still had three Skill Points!

— System Message: You spent 2 Skill Points and learned Master Defense Skill!

— Master-level Defense Skill: The melee damage taken by the heroes and their troops is reduced by 50%.

There was still the last Skill Point. There was nothing much to say. Pirates were good at flying axes, so he had to learn the combination skill of Defense Skill and Archery Skill, Flying Arrow Dodge.

— System Message: You used one Skill Point to learn Defense Spell Combination sub-skill "Flying Arrow Dodge"!

— Arrow Evasion: The damage received by the Hero troops is reduced by 10%. At the same time, the Hero troops have a 15% chance to completely dodge the damage!

Oh yeah, he had used up all the remaining attribute Skill Points. He finally had nothing to worry about.

After that, it was Katerina's turn. Katerina was level 36. When she joined the team at level 30, her Master-level Nautical Skill sub-skill was not full. Her Master-level pirate Master-level offensive sub-skill was full, and she was equipped with Intermediate Leadership Skill. All these years, she had only learned a navigator skill after master-level Nautical Skill, and she had not been given any additional points. Then, how should she be given more points?

His attributes were definitely all Attack Points, but what about the remaining five Skill Points? It would definitely not work if he added Mana Skills. Additional Battle Skills would overlap with his own. Could it be that he added Leadership Skill? F*ck, there were no soldiers left now, so what was the use of adding Leadership Skill!

Suddenly, Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. Why did Katerina obtain information about the God-level Nautical Skill early on and then experience so many God-level adventures? Why couldn't she advance?

Back then, the reason why Katerina was able to advance to the Guru-level Nautical Skill was because the Pirate profession had an additional effect on Nautical Skill. That was why he obtained a trick of understanding a Guru. As long as the skill's effect was infinitely close to that of a Guru (God-level), it would be easier to understand. This was also why he did not hesitate to choose his talent special ability as the Luck Skill. Then, what if Katerina was also a part-time Nautical Artist?

F*ck! That's true. Katerina is a Grandmaster-level Nautical Master-level pirate. She's the most suitable to be a Voyager. Why didn't I think of that? Of course, it's because her points are too pure. I can't bear to destroy it!

In that instant, Da Fei was conquered by his sudden inspiration. Anyway, it was not right for her to add anything now. Then, he would train her into a Voyager! His whole family was Voyagers!

Da Fei did not hesitate anymore. He took out the Skill Book and a golden light flashed!

— System Message: You spent one skill point on Katerina and she learned Beginner Archery!

— System Message: You spent one skill point on Katerina and she learned Elementary Logistics Skill!

— System Message:… Katerina learned Elementary Study of War Machines!

— System Message:… Katerina learned Elementary Defense Skill!

— System Message:… Katerina has learned Elementary Reconnaissance Skill!

What else was there to be lacking? When he met the Merfolk Saint, his Luck Skill was already at level one. Now, he was not lacking anything except for a Primary Voyager diploma! He could go back and ask Markal for it! Originally, the diploma should have been given to Alicia, but since he was already at the intermediate level, he definitely could not use it anymore. Then, he could give it to Katerina! Wahahaha, I'm too smart!

Now, only Alicia was left. She didn’t know what to add to her, so she didn’t need to add anything else and just let her stay on the observation deck. Under normal circumstances, the probability of this sniping special skill appearing wasn’t high, but under the circumstances of absolute misfortune, it was hard to say.

From a certain perspective, extreme bad luck was actually absolute luck. It all depended on how you used it.

Now that everything was ready, Da Fei began to prepare for the encirclement and suppression of the pirates. At this time, the pirate fleet did not rush over. Instead, they drew two long snake-like formations in the direction where Da Fei's fleet was advancing. There were dozens of ships in the fleet!

Katerina was shocked. “It’s Uncle Barak! What’s going on?! Pass down the order, tell him I’m Katerina!”

Not long after, the messenger came back to report. "First mate, the other party replied. Since you're Katerina, you can leave. Leave the goods behind!"

Katerina was shocked. "Did Uncle Barak betray us?"

Da Fei's heart tightened. Needless to say, it had been abnormal since the beginning. This must be Raging Sea of Blood's doing! Only the players were the source of the game's development.

Cold sweat broke out on Katerina's forehead. "This is Barrack's wolf pack hunting method. The inner layer is in charge of attacking, while the outer layer is in charge of intercepting. He is waiting for the most suitable formation and wind direction. Once the time is ripe, the fleet at the end of the long snake formation will accelerate and surround the head and tail of our fleet. This way, we can surround them and avoid the ballista attacks on the side of my ship. Then, we can land effectively. Once my ship turns sideways to face the enemy, it will be equivalent to giving up on speed and become a trapped beast in the net!"

Da Fei said in shock, "Then how are we going to break out of this situation? Can the fog still work?" Da Fei found this question ridiculous. With such a large two-layered encirclement, who would be interested in such a small area of tactics like the fog?

Katerina said in a deep voice, "There's still one way. Serbia's Octopus is fast and can break out alone. Our Radiance Wings can escape in the fog!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "What about Spielberg's Whaler?"

Katerina said in a low voice, "Give up!"

Give up! Da Fei's heart trembled! This is a 2,000 module cargo! I've spent so much effort on it, and now I'm giving it up? Spiel, why are you so awesome?

At that moment, the ship shook!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, used Grandmaster-level light magic, "Storm Assault"!