Chapter 278: Barren Sea

Raging Sea of Blood, who had just been ambushed by the rats and resurrected on the desolate island, was depressed.

However, since Da Fei's Chamber of Commerce had finally emerged from the sea, there would be plenty of opportunities to take revenge in the future. Of course, Raging Sea of Blood would not take it to heart. What Raging Sea of Blood cared about was where Da Fei's ship fleet had gone. Da Fei had used the power of the NPCs to kill the Demigod, and then took the time to fight a qualifiers. It was truly glorious. What had developed during this period of silence?

The more Raging Sea of Blood thought about it, the more unhappy he felt. The more he thought about it, the more anxious he became. However, no matter how fast his development was, he was only developing his own combat power. He had already started to control the pirate forces in the China server. This was not a strategic existence at all. In short, he had to be confident! He had to be stronger than him!

After calming down, Raging Sea of Blood continued to do missions on Barren Island to establish ties with the pirates of other organizations.

A bell suddenly rang on the island. “An unknown fleet is invading!”

In an instant, Pirate Island exploded! The situation on Barren Island was turbulent, and the various factions were restraining each other. It indeed gave people the feeling that they could take advantage of the situation. The pirates were well aware of this, so the first reaction of the pirates who each had their own selfish interests was who would be the vanguard? It was also because of this that the pirates were slow to react.

Raging Sea of Blood was anxious when he saw this. "These dogs are so hot. The so-called 'coordination defense' is just nonsense!"

However, when the watchtower discovered that the invading fleet was only two large ships, all the pirates were instantly astonished!

If it was the Kingdom’s navy that came to suppress them, then this lineup was too shabby. If it was a ship that had no eyes and accidentally drifted here, then it would be understandable if one came, but if it was a fleet, then it wouldn’t make sense. Could it be that no sailor in the entire fleet knew of the bad reputation of Barren Island?

Forget it. The pirates believed that strength was everything. They would not care about three battleships. In short, they were fat sheep that had delivered themselves to their doorstep. The pirates from the various factions immediately went out to fight.

As for Raging Sea of Blood, as a player, he could not lag behind others. With the NPCs in front of him, the players could attack him from behind. This was a truth that could not be broken in any game. Therefore, Raging Sea of Blood's medium-sized pirate ship followed closely behind.

The distance between the two sides was getting closer. When the pirates realized that the intruders were not even warships, they cheered even more joyfully. They no longer had any doubts and could not wait to launch an all-out attack.

When Raging Sea of Blood, who was hiding at the back, saw who it was through the telescope, he was so excited that his whole body trembled and tears streamed down his face. "I was wondering who it was! So it's him! Haha! Wahahahaha! The heavens have eyes! Ahhhh! This trash is finally in my hands! You want to run, right? Today, I will cripple you at all costs!—Someone, ahhhhh!!!"

A pirate immediately rushed in. "Second Boss, what's the matter!"

Raging Sea of Blood was so excited that his snot flowed out. He said in a trembling voice, "Fat sheep! A fat sheep that only appears once in a hundred years! Use the Boss' Ultimate Thunder Rush to ask the Boss to come out!"

"Listen to Second Boss!"

— Boom! A cannon shot rang out, and a signal flare with long black smoke trailing behind it let out an incomparably mournful shriek and soared into the sky—Boom! It was like a thunderclap that shook the sky and sea!

That's right. Although Raging Sea of Blood did not have the authority to mobilize the Barren Pirate Fleet, he could still ask the leader to take action personally if there was an emergency.

• • •

At this moment, Da Fei's fleet advanced at full speed.

Looking at the black signal flare exploding, Katerina's expression changed drastically. "How could this be? This is the order from the leader of Barren Island! Unless the kingdom's navy comes to suppress us, the usual plundering activities will never be used! What exactly happened at Dad's place?"

Brother, how could he care about his father-in-law when he could not even protect himself!

Da Fei gave the order with a cold expression. "Alicia, prepare the Mist Spell and the flagship's Forward Charge. All members of Wings of Light, prepare for the impact! All gunners, get into position!"

The speed of the pirate ships was recognized as fast. It was impossible for Da Fei's fleet to escape with their speed when their cargo was full. In the end, they had to fight! Da Fei was no longer the inexperienced bird who knew very little about naval battles. If he was facing sea monsters that he had no strength to fight during this period of naval battles, then he was now facing the water fleet on equal footing. He had to fight!

Both sides came towards him. It was also a large warship! Da Fei's heart tightened! At the same time, Da Fei could see that the deck of the large pirate ship opposite was densely packed with pirates who were preparing to board. Da Fei's heart sank!

If it was a gunfight, Da Fei would not be afraid of the NPC forces. However, if he let them jump onto the ship, the consequences would be unimaginable. There were no soldiers on his ship that he could fight! Da Fei started to miss that Lich Dragon again! The only thing he could count on now was the absolute misfortune that could create miracles!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, has cast God-level arcane spell, 'Summoning Mist'!

In an instant, the thick fog that suddenly appeared enveloped Da Fei's fleet. He could not see anything. At the same time, the pirate ship opposite him was in an uproar!

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Alicia, cast God-level arcane spell "Illusionary Legion" on Wings of Light!

In the fog, there was a flash of magic light. In the disturbance of the magic light, an illusion warship that looked exactly like Wings of Light appeared. Then, the illusion rushed at the front of the fleet at an incredible speed, and its HP suddenly reached 30,000!

This is the power of materialization! It makes the illusion that once disappeared with a touch more like a bait! Come on, pirates, jump on the illusion! I really want to know if you will fall into the sea if you jump on the materialized illusion.

The pirate fleet that could no longer turn back entered the fog. The red dot on the radar was just inches away from him! The battle was imminent! Da Fei could not help but clench his fists!

At this moment, a dark red light flashed in front of the fog!

Oh yeah! Absolute Bad Luck Strike! This is my biggest reliance in this battle! With Absolute Bad Luck in hand, I dare to attack even a city, let alone a mere dozen pirate ships! I'm going all out!

A huge black shadow rushed out from the front of the Radiance Wing!

It was also a large ship! Da Fei roared. "Charge! Smash it!"

— System Message: Alicia activated the "Forward Charge" special skill of the Wings of Light. The speed of the Wings of Light increased by 30%…

Boom!!! Shattered Wood flew with a loud bang! The Radiance Wings shook violently!

— System Message: Wing of Radiance's Horned Whale Crash dealt 24,315 damage to the Innocent Strike Pirate Ship!

Da Fei's heart shook along with the impact! He thought that with the S-grade treasure, he could instakill it with the Collision Horn Exo Charge. In the end, it only dealt so little damage? Was it the damage caused after the misfortune was halved? What was there to fight about?

However, the next system notification popped up!

— System Message: The collision horn of the Single-Horned Whale of the Radiance Wings has a bottom chisel effect on the Innocent Striker's pirate ship! Large amounts of water have entered the bottom of the pirate ship, and it is about to sink. The violent shaking caused the bones of the Innocent Striker's pirate ship to break, causing the bottom deck to break, and the collapse is imminent!

Da Fei's eyelid twitched. Before he could see the message clearly—Clang! There was another loud sound in front of him. A huge pirate ship was cut into two!

Da Fei was wild with joy! Instant kill! It was really instant kill! What did it mean by absolute bad luck? Absolute bad luck was that as long as there was a little hidden danger, it could immediately cause a terrifying disaster! Brother, what's there to be afraid of! Haha! Wahahaha!

Without slowing down, the Wings of Radiance crushed the broken pirate ship from head to toe, further accelerating its sinking process. Countless pirates fell into the water and struggled. These pirates were not even worth killing!

— System Message: You sank Innocent Strike Pirate Ship and gained 960,000 EXP!

Dafei let out a long laugh!

Now, after Da Fei instakilled a large pirate warship at lightning speed, it was equivalent to tearing a huge hole in the pirate fleet's encirclement. The chance to escape was right in front of him! Charge! Break through!

• • •

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood, who was holding the line behind the pirate fleet, watched excitedly as his enemy, Da Fei, was surrounded by the pirate fleet.

There was no cargo ship that could escape the pursuit of the pirate ship. There was no way it could escape. Therefore, trash Da Fei could only fight to the death. Even if trash Da Fei had the NPC ships equipped with good equipment that could kill Demigods to help him, even if they were powerful enough to take care of all the pirate ships surrounding him, he still had the Headquarters Pirates. Da Fei had to lie here today, haha, wahahaha!

Just as he was gloating, a fog shrouded Da Fei's fleet!

Raging Sea of Blood was so shocked that his pupils shrank! The legendary Grandmaster Arcane Summoning Mist! High-end! High-end indeed! This was definitely the power of an NPC. No wonder this Da Fei could kill a Demigod! However, the higher the level of trash, the more I can't let you go back!

Raging Sea of Blood looked back anxiously at Barren Island. He could vaguely see Barak's flagship, Blood Shark, leaving the port! Boss, hurry up!

At this moment, a large ship rushed out from the fog. It seemed to be Da Fei's flagship! What was Da Fei trying to do? Split up and escape? We can't let him escape!

As expected, a few pirate ships immediately turned around to intercept Da Fei's flagship!

However, Raging Sea of Blood soon realized that something was wrong. How could Da Fei's flagship be so fast? From the depth of its water intake, it was definitely full. A full ship could not be faster than a pirate ship!

There's a trap! It must be an illusion created by a Grandmaster Arcana Technique! Although Raging Sea of Blood immediately came to his senses, he was helpless that he could not command those pirate ships. He could only watch as these NPCs fell for his trick! Now, he could only hope that his boss's fleet would quickly surround them.

Then, there was a loud crash in the fog. They collided! It would be best if both sides perished together! Raging Sea of Blood waited expectantly for the battle to progress further. Then, he saw Da Fei's three battleships rushing out of the fog unharmed!

"F*ck! A bunch of trash!" Raging Sea of Blood cursed. Without a word, he personally piloted the ship and followed! Boss's fleet had already been deployed. Even if they had to travel thousands of miles, they would still sink Da Fei at the harbor!