Chapter 275: Sea War Outside Erolyn

Faced with the threat of the Phoenix's Feather, which seemed to be an expert, the soldiers would definitely not fight unprepared. However, they did not intend to report it to Da Fei either. If they had to alarm Big Brother over such a trivial matter, what use would they have for him? And what use would reporting it to Da Fei be? They had to think of a way to solve it themselves.

Therefore, this matter had to be resolved by the soldiers themselves. The medium-sized cargo ship in the 500 module was the standard train skin. It did not have a gun cabin, nor did it have a water soldier hostel. It did not have any self-defense capabilities at all. Its basic speed was also extremely slow. It was impossible for it to escape the pursuit of any ship. Therefore, on the one hand, it was naturally to pull Comrade Small Sword along. The strength of his 10 Night Druids was equivalent to a level 6 soldier, and they were powerful bodyguards. On the other hand, it was naturally to mobilize the guild's small transport ships to form the "escort fleet".

Thus, Invincible Soldier shouted in the guild channel, "The second medium-sized ship of the guild has been dispatched. The target is the famine city, Suvalen. 500 cabins full of rice. All the guild ships that have returned to Erolyn will go and buy rice. I will repeat, this is a guild mission. Everyone must accept it!"

In any case, the members of the Chamber of Commerce were all spies from Blood Sea Workshop who brought their own rations. Even if they were killed by the Chamber of Commerce, there would be no loss. If they dared to disobey, Brother Fei would have a reason to clear the place and add the new comrade Xiao Jian.

The members of the Chamber of Commerce naturally responded without asking for a reason. "Famine is too satisfying. Let's go together."

As for Yi Jian Donglai, of course, he wouldn't just stand by and watch the show after drawing the aggro. As a proud youth, he always had a heart that refused to admit defeat. Not only had he seen this Phoenix's Feather, he had even wanted to trample him. That's right, in the preliminaries, when Yi Jian Donglai's Grandmaster Reconnaissance Skill entered the ambush state, he had seen this Phoenix's Feather fly over his head. If it wasn't for the fact that he wasn't confident that he could kill him in one round, this Phoenix's Feather would be a ghost under his blade. What was he so arrogant about?

Since the goal of this Feather of the Phoenix was to seize the ship, then what use was his impressive shooting range? Didn't he still want to board the ship? If he wanted to board the ship, why would he be afraid of him? In short, Sword from the East had arranged all his special forces in the cargo hold to be on guard.

In short, after a day of preparation, dozens of ships loaded with goods left the port.

Facing the massive fleet that was heading out of the harbor, Phoenix Feather, who had been observing at the dock, was even more motivated. There were dozens of people from the 1vs Da Fei Chamber of Commerce. Phoenix Feather decided to take this opportunity to become famous.

An intense battle was about to begin.

• • •

Erolyn was close to the sea.

The huge fleet of the large army slowly advanced on the sea. Even though Dawei hired a big-bearded Nautical Hero in the tavern, the speed of the cargo ship did not increase much. This was the limitation of the cargo ship, its capacity and speed could never be matched.

This was the first time the soldiers were going out to sea. It was related to his importance in Brother Fei's heart. The soldiers were extremely nervous. From time to time, he would take out his binoculars and look around.

A fleet made up of multiple ships appeared in the view of the soldier’s binoculars. It was the NPC Coast Guard. The soldier couldn’t help but feel relieved. With them around, no matter how brave they were, they wouldn’t dare PK.

All of a sudden, the soldiers discovered a small speedboat behind the Garrison Guards. It was Phoenix Feather!

In other words, his intention was to take action during the short period of time when the Garrison Guards turned around or changed their course!

The soldier's heart tightened. He immediately shouted in the guild channel, "This is the area where accidents happen. All members of the Chamber of Commerce, stay alert!"

The members of the escort fleet echoed along as usual. It had to be said that a member who was so obedient was either loyal or a spy. It was a pity that they were spies. This made the senior soldier very unhappy. However, the senior soldier wasn't worried that the spies would rebel. The senior soldier couldn't wait to find a reason for Brother Fei to kick them out.

Now, the NPC Coast Guard patrol team had turned around. Phoenix Feather’s speedboat immediately sped towards the fleet. They were going to attack!

The soldier hurriedly shouted in the team, "Everyone, pay attention. That Phoenix Feather is here to fight for the ship. If he dares to attack, we will surround and kill him!"

Members: "Got it!"

There was a flash of lightning in the sky, and a bolt of lightning crashed down with a loud bang. The wooden fragments of a small boat at the outermost area were blasted into flying flames.

— System Message: Phoenix Feather launched a PvP against your team. You can now counterattack!

— System Message: Phoenix Feather has killed Green Pepper Egg, a member of the Chamber of Commerce! Green Pepper Egg's ship has been destroyed and 55 units of goods are in a drifting state. Please salvage the goods in time to reduce the losses in half an hour.

This explosion instantly woke up the lifeless channel of the Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber of Commerce channel exploded in shock. "One Thunder Blast! This person is too fierce!"

— Chamber of Commerce Channel: Are you kidding me! From such a distance, my archers can't shoot him at all. Then, he can bombard me with lightning! Furthermore, he can instakill both the person and the ship!

The invincible soldier roared, "Brothers, attack! We have more people!"

"Charge!"

Since the other party dared to challenge them alone, they must have the capability to be impressive. Looking at the merchant association ships surrounding them and the enemy speedboats that did not slow down and turned around, an ominous feeling rose in the soldier's heart.

— Regional Channel: I reminded you! You can fight, but you can't win. You can run, but you can't run either! If you don't believe me, then try!

Boom! Another bolt of lightning struck! Another small merchant ship turned into ashes in the flames!

The Chamber of Commerce was shocked again! Everyone could tell that this Phoenix Feather relied on its long range magic and great power. Its speed and agility advantage was to fight a hundred enemies at once! This was definitely the rhythm of a villain with more people charging forward and being slapped in the face by the protagonist!

Although he knew that this Phoenix Feather was an expert, he did not expect the other party to be so powerful! What should he do? Let these cannon fodder cover his cargo ship and escape. The problem was that the cargo ship was the slowest. No matter how he ran, he could not outrun the other party’s light storage fishing speedboat. Could he wait for the other party’s magic power to be exhausted?

For a moment, the soldier revealed the confusion and helplessness that all villains should have.

Yi Donglai said with a deep voice, "Soldier, the other party's goal is to seize the ship anyway. They're going to fight anyway, we haven't lost yet!"

At this point, there was no other way. The soldier could only nod blankly. "Okay! I'll fight it out with him later!"

Lightning flashed in the sky above the sea, and the fishing speedboat of the Phoenix’s Feather rapidly passed through the surface of the sea. Berserk lightning struck down one after another, and every bolt of lightning took away the life of a small merchant ship. Broken wood pieces floated all over the sea, and the huge fleet was quickly scattered into pieces, leaving only a lone medium-sized cargo ship floating alone.

Is the decisive battle finally about to begin? Come on, I'll wait for you to board the ship! The soldier's numb expression turned resolute!

Boom! Another bolt of lightning struck, and the medium-sized ship shook!

The soldier was shocked! Why did he want to destroy the ship? Didn’t he want to steal the ship?

— Regional Channel: "I'm sorry to disappoint you. I actually don't like your ship. It still blew up! Wahahaha!"

The soldiers were shocked!

At this moment, Phoenix Feather was standing proudly at the bow of the fishing boat and laughing loudly. Did they really believe that I said I wanted to steal the boat? Did they really set up a large number of troops to ambush me on the boat? Watching a fool play games is really a pleasant thing.

Looking at the red and purple name above his head, the Phoenix's Feather became even happier! Why is my new name Phoenix's Feather? Because I don't need to be as red as the entire Phoenix. It's purely superfluous. I only need to be as red as a feather! My name should be red! From today onwards, I will officially leave the mountain, wahahaha!

Just as the feathers of the phoenix were immersed in the bombardment, three water sounds suddenly sounded from the side of the fishing boat. Three agile figures suddenly jumped out from the waves! The small fishing boat also shook violently from their forceful landing.

Phoenix Feather was startled and quickly stabilized herself to check what was happening. She saw three dripping figures flying towards her at an unbelievable speed!

— "We are the Rocket Squad that travels in the sea!"

— "We are the most charming villains in history!"

— "The white tomorrow is waiting for us!"

The only thing Phoenix Feather could do was use Magic Flash!

With a flash of magic, his figure disappeared!

Demonic light flashed and a figure appeared!

Next, Phoenix’s Feather discovered that three flying axes had appeared on her back! Then, Phoenix’s vision turned dark!

— System Message: You have been killed by Raging Sea of Blood's sub-hero! You will face severe punishment if you are killed in your Red Name state. Your [B] Class Strategy Treasure, "Mana Ring", has fallen. Your [B] Class Strategy Treasure, "Mana Necklace" has fallen…

— System Message: You have lost the necessary component of the Combination God-grade equipment "Source of Magic". The God-grade equipment has disintegrated…

Phoenix Feather was stunned! Even when he revived at the resurrection point, he could not understand why Raging Sea of Blood would appear there. Could it be that he had become the bodyguard of Da Fei Enterprise? That was impossible! Of course, that was not important. The important thing was that his Red Name was too fierce. Once he died, his equipment would explode. It did not matter what other equipment he had, the key was to combine the Source of Mana of the Godly Weapon! Without this Godly Weapon, he still wanted to release endless lightning? He could forget about it!

What a huge loss! This set is not easy to get! I have spent so much effort since the launch!

Pfft! The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. He spat out a mouthful of blood! Raging Sea of Blood, I will never forgive you!

• • •

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood boarded the exploded cargo ship and laughed loudly. "I thought it was someone who dared to come to the sea to snatch my territory. Turns out it's a joker with a God-grade weapon! Hahaha!"

That's right! Phoenix Feather should have realized that he was not the only one who wanted to deal with the Great Wyvern Cavalry Trading House. Raging Sea of Blood had been holding back his anger for a long time and wanted to take revenge. Now, the ship of Da Fei Trading House was being monitored by the spies in his own workshop. Their route of action was right in front of him. It would be unforgivable if they did not snatch him away!

Now, Raging Sea of Blood had successfully boarded the middle ship and completed his professional baptism as a pirate. He even vented his anger by killing a joker and obtaining two God-grade components. How could he not be happy?

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood's laughter stopped—he realized that there were more than ten arrows of blood on his back!

— System Message: You have been killed by the enemy camp’s player, “Eastern Sword”! You dropped a [B] class strategic treasure, “Mana Ring”. You dropped a [B] class strategic treasure, “Mana Necklace”…

• • •

Raging Sea of Blood was stunned! Even when he revived at the resurrection point, he still could not figure out how he had fallen into the trap! He had come all the way here, but the outcome was like this? He had actually died at the hands of a nobody?

Ah! The more Raging Sea of Blood thought about it, the angrier he became. He spat out a mouthful of blood! Eastern Sword, I'll kill you!

• • •

Now, looking at the destroyed cargo ship and the floating debris, the soldiers finally heaved a sigh of relief. "In short, it's good that everything is fine."

Donglai was startled. 'Why should I be relieved? This has nothing to do with me!'

The soldier patted Yi Donglai's shoulder excitedly. "Brother! You're awesome. You killed the boss of Blood Sea Workshop. What's this called? A blood tribute! From now on, you can follow Brother Fei in peace. I can also give Brother Fei an explanation. Wahahaha!"

Yi Donglai also nodded. "That's right, that's right!" No matter what, being able to kill the number one naval battle god-class hero of the China region was truly a cause for celebration.

Finally, after finishing up the wedding, the ashtray was finally a man who had a family and a career. Wahaha!