Chapter 273: Sudden Youth'S New Hero

The final day of the National District Outline Competition.

When Instant Fanghua brought a mountain full of crossbow soldiers to a field on the plains, the entire field was in an uproar! The entire kingdom region was in an uproar!

Although Jian Bing Hai was the main fighting style of human players before they reached Level 50, to use this fighting style to such a terrifying level, let alone the middle region, the entire world didn't!

At Instant Fanghua's level, there was no need for tactics or techniques. Wherever she pointed, the rain of arrows would crush everything! In a plain battlefield where no one could hide, even a pro player would avoid Instant Fanghua. There was no suspense in her qualification.

At this moment, Instant Fanghua, who had just returned from a great victory, immediately accepted an online interview with a reporter.

Reporter: "Hello, Miss Sudden Youth! I'm very happy to be able to interview you again."

Instant Fanghua smiled happily. "Hello, hello. Welcome to the interview, haha!"

The reporter smiled and said, "Miss Instant Fanghua, many people were surprised by your appearance. Many people thought that you were a Lord Player and might not be able to participate in the competition. However, no one expected you to not only participate in the competition, but also obtain such a brilliant result. What do you think?"

Instant Fanghua smiled and said, "I've always thought that I'm not fated to participate in the competition. After all, my Epic sub-hero is an official of the kingdom. Without the kingdom's orders, the players can't bring her to battle. However, the competition is different. The rules of the competition give me the opportunity to showcase my overall strength. I'm very pleased."

The reporter smiled and said, "Miss Sudden Youth's overall strength is so strong that it's hard to look straight at her. Can I ask how many crossbow soldiers you brought with you this time? Of course, this is your military secret. You can choose not to answer this question."

Instant Fanghua laughed and said, "In any case, I'm not an expert. I'm just playing around. There are no military secrets to speak of. Currently, there are 1,500 crossbow soldiers."

The reporter exclaimed, "What a terrifying number! What kind of results does Miss Sudden Youth think she can achieve in the World Cup?"

Instant Fanghua smiled and said, "Let's go as far as we can. It's best if we can squeeze into the top 1,000 and get a reward of 10,000 US dollars. I will prepare for the rest of the time, which is to recruit high-level sub-heroes with high Command Power in the taverns to enrich the team. Then, I will buy some treasures that increase Command Power and try to increase Command Power to above 2000 during the international competition."

The reporter was shocked. "Do you have 500 backup crossbow users?"

Instant Fanghua smiled and said, "For a farm owner, this is a piece of cake! In short, as a non-combat player, be it Attack, Defense, Attack, or Skill, we can't compare to professional combat players. The only thing I can do is pile up the numbers. If I say that my sub-hero, Melanie, and I don't know archery, would you believe me?"

The reporter smiled and said, "It's indeed hard to believe. Then, Miss, what do you think is the biggest challenge you'll face in the following matches?"

Instant Fanghua laughed and said, "Of course I'm afraid that the players from other countries will join forces to besiege me! Once the opposing side has more troops than me, wouldn't it be over for me? Therefore, I strongly urge the players of our middle region to sincerely help each other in the international arena.”

The reporter laughed and said, "I believe this is what all the middle region's players who qualify are thinking.”

After ending the interview, Instant Fanghua laughed out loud. "2000 Command Power is enough to scare them? If I say that I will become 2500 soon, will they still play?"

Xiao Li laughed and sighed, "Your military is not transparent, you're just putting up a smoke screen!"

Xiaofang laughed. "This is called disrupting the international situation! Alright, it's easy to find a general in a thousand troops, but hard to find one. Now, it's time to meet our future Chief of Defense. Melanie and I don't know how to lead troops, but she's an expert in leading troops!"

As they chatted and laughed, the two of them arrived at the shooting range of the town like heroes. This was the classroom for the best instructors of the Lionheart Empire to train their soldiers. The instructors were either personally demonstrating, correcting the students' movements, or explaining the key points to the students. It was a thick learning atmosphere.

Xiao Li could not help but praise, "From the school's atmosphere, it can be seen how powerful the Human Empire is. As expected of the leader of the Guild of Light."

Xiaofang shook her head. "No, it's a level lower than the archery skills of the elves. The more elves there are, the more formal battles can be fought, and the fewer there are, the more guerrilla battles can be fought. The tactics are extremely varied. And what humans play with is quantity. Once the number of elves can't keep up, then it won't be high or low. Therefore, it's very difficult for humans to produce top-notch experts. The power of the nation determines the combat power of humans. Therefore, the core of humans is to develop the economy."

Xiaoli smiled and said, "So this is your strategy to gain the upper hand?"

Xiaofang said angrily, "What about you? Call me hubby!"

"Tsk!"

At this moment, an NPC hero officer with a handsome mustache suddenly ran in front of the two of them and gave a Knight's salute to Instant Fanghua. "I'm Orrin. I heard that the lady is starting the Kingdom's Epic Canal Project. I'm not talented, but I hope to get a position under the lady!" Then, he flashed his Hero attribute above his head.

Orrin: An archery instructor at the shooting range of the arrow town, always hoping to make a name for himself in the Empire.

Talent Special Feature: Master Archer. Every time the Hero level increases by one level, the effects of Archery will increase by 1%.

Level: 30. Attack: 30, Defense: 20, Magic Power: 0, Knowledge: 0, Command Power: 152.

Skills: Master Knight, Master Archer, Master Leader Skill

Xiao Li couldn’t help but exclaim, “There’s actually a hero seeking refuge? Isn’t this epic quest too popular?”

Xiaofang narrowed her eyes and looked at his seemingly normal sexual attributes for a while before chuckling. "I'm sorry, you're not the person I was looking forward to."

Orrin said anxiously, "Madam, I have the greatest potential to become a Grandmaster in archery. With me in the formation, your archer team will be invincible!"

Xiaofang waved her hand and said with a smile, "I need to recruit a heroine. My target is Waleska, the female knight who specializes in archery, so I'm very sorry!"

Orrin widened his eyes and said anxiously, "Her? How can she be compared to me? She's just a little more powerful!"

Xiaofang shook her head and said calmly, "What I want is for her to have a lot of soldiers under her command. Anyway, as women, it's not convenient for us to have a man with us, so please go back, Sir." With that said, she laughed out loud and continued to walk forward, leaving behind an expressionless Orrin.

Xiao Li looked back and could not help but say, "I think his specialty is not bad. The key is that his level is high enough and his Command Power is not low. He can be hired to participate in the competition?"

Xiao Fang sighed and said, "Firstly, there are plenty of male hero taverns with this kind of Cabbage Specialty. It's not a big deal to hire people who only want to gain experience. Furthermore, the best archery hero is an Elven hero. There's no need to explain further. Secondly, heroes who come to the tavern on their own accord under this kind of special mission background are not ordinary tavern heroes. Once you hire them, you can't dismiss them easily. Otherwise, the consequences will be unpredictable. On the other hand, us Overlord players are slow to level up, so we have to be even more careful when hiring heroes. Thirdly, only female heroes are symbols of status and identity among players. What I'm pursuing now is identity and status. Do you know how much a tycoon has offered Da Fei's Hero 3?" Speaking up to this point, Xiao Fang stretched out three fingers. "3 million USD!"

Xiao Li said in surprise, "That means your account is worth at least a million USD!"

Xiaofang laughed and said, "Of course! It's not wrong for you to call her husband! Not to mention that the female hero I'm interested in has the same level of leadership as Melanie. Both of them are amazing people with a commanding power of 1,000. Their combat power is completely different!"

"Oh, I see."

Xiaofang laughed and said, “Also, don’t look down on these NPCs. NPCs also have virtual personalities. If you take him in so easily, he might not be able to take care of you. In the future, if you ask him to do things, he might not be as efficient, and he might not be as useful as a tavern hero. In short, this game isn’t something that just any primary school student can play. It tests a player’s intelligence and EQ.”

“I see.”

As they chatted and laughed, they came to a room next to the shooting range. Xiaofang showed her pass, and after the guards let them in, they entered an office. A black-haired, blue-eyed female knight was looking at a map on her desk.

Xiaofang quickly took out a document and respectfully handed it over. "Madam Waleska, this is General Gondor's recommendation letter."

Waleska took the letter and scanned it. He said calmly, "I see. Alright, I will do my best to protect the empire's canal during the excavation period."

Xiaofang moved forward to shake his hand. "Please take care of me in the future!"

System prompt message: Major Knight Waleska has temporarily joined your team. You will leave after the construction is completed.

Wellskai: Special archery instructor in the town of Arrowhead. He received instruction from the Elven archery master since he was a child and was adored by his subordinates. He has the beautiful name of "Rose in the Wind" in the Emperor's Desire.

Level: 50 Knight

Heroes' Specialty: Archer Commander. For every level up of Hero, the Human Archer troops led by Heroes will have + 1 Attack and Defense.

Attack: 40, Defense: 40, Magic Power: 5, Knowledge: 5, Command Power: 1087.

Skills: Master Knight, Master Archery, Master Defense, Master Leadership, Master Logistics, and Advanced Light Magic

Xiaofang laughed excitedly. "Wifey, you are even stronger than I imagined. You are the commander of the archers! You are not an archer!”

Xiao Li was surprised. "Human-type marksman? Do you mean that your secret unit's chief archer, Apache, can also carry one?"

Xiaofang smiled and said, "That's right. The special militia 'pitchforks' in our farm can also be considered human shooters. They can be brought as well! Are they on a completely different level from that trash Orrin who was boasting earlier?"

Xiao Li said, "But she only joined temporarily?"

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "As long as she's with us, she'll develop feelings for us. What's there to be afraid of? In short, I'll serve her well every day! Hahaha."

Instant Fanghua's impressive performance on the competition stage immediately caused the displeasure of her old rival, Xue Wei's studio.

Xue Weiqi said angrily, "Big Sister, we have also completed the mission at the Griffin Mountain. Each of us is rewarded with two Archangels. As long as we gather the 40 Archangels, it will be enough to sweep the competition. Let's register for the competition now!"

Blood Verdant Rose said calmly, "This is the top secret between us and Stars. We can't let other players know about it within a month. We don't lack this bit of bonus or fame."

Xue Weiqi said angrily, "I'm so angry! This woman is an explosive who doesn't know any tactics! Why is she so glorious!"

"Calm down!"

…