Chapter 276: Arriving At Miracle Island

After leaving Ghost Dragon Cliff, Da Fei's fleet headed towards Miracle Island. After comprehending the hidden skill crisis management, Da Fei's fleet's ability to prevent disasters had improved. The entire fleet was almost flawless, and no serious accidents happened.

Now, Da Fei's fleet had sailed safely for eight days. Miracle Island of the Nether Sea was finally within sight.

Da Fei could not help but feel excited about his return to his hometown. Back then, he had relied on this island's critical battle to establish his foundation. This was his career!

As they got closer, they could already see the outline of Miracle Island. There was a building that looked like a lighthouse on the island that emitted a dazzling silver-black light. Was that the Sea Anemone King? Wahahaha, it had been such a long time since they last saw each other. The Sea Anemone King had grown so big. Who knew how many soldiers were still stored inside? It was really exciting.

At this moment, a large number of red dots appeared on the edge of the radar map. These were definitely the sea monsters attacking Miracle Island.

Da Fei's heart tightened. There was no need to say anything else. Charge! He absolutely had bad luck and the Six-Headed Sea Demon Statue. He was very confident. If he could win, he would fight. If not, he would at least rush to the vicinity of Miracle Island. That was the exit that was most likely to leave the Dark Sea!

Similar to the scene along the way, all the sea monsters who saw Da Fei's unlucky fleet ran away cleanly.

This was the power of absolute misfortune! Very good, this saved me a lot of effort.

As he got closer, Da Fei finally saw the full appearance of the Sea Anemone King! At this moment, the Sea Anemone King was shining with silver light. It was undoubtedly a lighthouse that was more than ten stories tall. Its tentacles had already covered the entire island and extended into the sea. The island was densely packed with the corpses of countless Dead Spirit Sea Monsters. In the sky, a faint golden light beam shone down, enveloping the Sea Anemone King, no, more accurately, the entire island.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. This is?

“Two moons! Do you see them? There are two moons in the sky!”

Da Fei looked up and saw that it was indeed the case! There was a huge silver plate that looked like a wheel. That was the Moon of the Dark Sea. The other one was blurry and was only the size of a bowl. Wasn't that pattern the moon on Earth? How could one see the moon of another world in the Dark Sea?

Serbia said seriously, "Although I don't know why, the space here is very chaotic. It's probably the same as Lord Samael's Fatalon and the Dragon King's Ghost Dragon Cliff. This place should be connected to another world!"

"That's right! This is indeed an existence that leads to two worlds. I didn't expect my friend to be able to return to this place from the vast Dark Sea!" Renoir, who had been asleep for many days, woke up again. "Back then, our exploration team had a mishap here, and then I was killed by that person. However, I was an undying hero. That person was afraid that his plan would be exposed after I revived, so he released powerful magic power to seal and distort the space where Miracle Island was, making it impossible for me to revive. This also allowed Miracle Island to be in two worlds at the same time, just like the two sides of the mirror."

Da Fei was enlightened! He was wondering why the Underworld's islands were exactly the same as the Surface World's! Da Fei said in surprise, "However, I didn't see the moon in the human world the last time I came here. What's going on?"

Renoir sighed and said, "I'm not sure about that. Anyway, this is a space that was forcefully distorted by that person. It's inevitable that there are many unstable surnames. Perhaps the mutated Sea Anemone King that my friend planted continuously absorbed the energy from the various space cracks, causing the space to tear further. In short, if this continues, this place will undoubtedly become the entrance to the Surface World to the Underworld Ocean."

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. "It seems like this is a strategic location for transportation hubs. Should I manage it?"

Renoir smiled and said, "When you have the feudal lord's Seal Decree, you can occupy this place as your own territory. This is the two sides of the mirror. If you encircle the Surface World, you'll gain control of the Underworld Ocean. This is a good deal!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Alright! I'm definitely doing this deal!"

Players would only be officially recognized by the System if they had a Seal Token. Only then would they be able to officially activate the territory construction function. Da Fei's inability to check the Sea Anemone King's status after leaving the Sea Anemone King's camp was a classic example of not activating the territory construction function.

On the other hand, the Seal Token was extremely difficult to obtain. It could be obtained through the Kingdom Noble title, battlefield merit points, and the killing of an ultra-powerful big boss in the wild. However, when players reached Level 50 and could enter the New World, they could obtain a small Seal Token bound by an account from the Kingdom for free. This Seal Token was very likely the only chance for most players to obtain a Seal Token.

Da Fei started checking the Sea Anemone King's surname. He could finally see his surname now that he was so close.

— Enchanted Venom Sea Anemone Hive: Level 13 recruitment unit building. Attack: 90, Defense: 270, Damage: 56-205, Durability: 47,000, Attack Speed: 3, Movement Speed: 0, Special Skill: Multiple Attacks, Venomous Paralysis Attack, Catapult Attack, Self Recovery. Current capacity: 16 / 13.

— Note: Due to a lack of resources, the hive cannot continue to upgrade. At the same time, it cannot recruit more soldiers. Currently, the hive is in a dormant state.

— Toxic Demonized Sea Anemone: Attack: 5, Defense: 0, Health: 11, Attack Speed: 1, Movement Speed: 0, Damage: 1-2, Command Value: 0, Special Skill: Multiple Attacks, Paralyzing Poison Attack, Attack First, Transfer.

• • •

Da Fei couldn't help but feel emotional! It had been a few days since they last met, but the hive had already leveled up to Level 13! There were already 18 tentacles covering the entire island! He remembered that when he first came out, he only had five tentacles. Furthermore, the HP Defense was completely different from before. It was indeed worthy of the name "construction".

It seemed that the key to stabilizing the island in the sea of monsters was to upgrade the hive.

All the buildings in the game could be upgraded. The higher the level of the buildings, the higher the defense, durability, and production. If players had a special Overlord Skill, they could also add new special skills to the buildings. In other words, he had to continue investing in concentrated mercury, refined crystal sulfur, and mythril to continue upgrading the buildings?

The problem was that these were resources from the New World. The Old World did not have them at all. Did he have to wait until he reached Level 50 to get them from the New World? That was too long ago, right? Could normal resources work? Could other resources work?

Right, with so many sea monsters on the island, it meant that the current Sea Anemone King could still hold on. Perhaps there was no problem? Anyway, he was helpless now. The only thing he could do was to summon all the sea anemones in the camp. After such a long time, there were only 16 units in the camp, which meant that there were no more resources to recruit soldiers.

Oh right, I wonder how much stock there is in the Banshee camp on SV Fly. According to the annual production rate of the Banshee camp, there should be more than a hundred stocks in the past few months, right? I must go back and take a look.

Da Fei recruited all the small Sea Anemones in the camp and surrounded the Sea Anemone King. Suddenly, Da Fei discovered the new special skill of the small Sea Anemone, Transplant!

— Transplants: Plant-type soldiers cannot be moved, but can be transported by transplanting. Transplants take half a year to be used once.

So that's how it is! It has to be like this! It's already a pain in the ass to not be able to move the plants. I really need to give the players a chance to rearrange them! Good, very good! When I start building buildings on Miracle Island or Fatalon in the future, I'll use the Sea Anemone underwater to set up defenses.

There was nothing else to do now. It was time to say goodbye. Da Fei took out the Turbo Crystal and took a deep breath. He could finally leave.

"Wait!" Renoir spoke again. "Friend, if you want to completely protect this island, I suggest that you continue to strengthen the defense power here. I think it's not that the sea monsters here can't attack this island, but they don't want to destroy it completely. In short, a certain Nether Sea Lord has his eyes on the Sea Anemone King's ability to tear space, so he wants to take over this island in a gentle way and obtain the entrance to the Surface World!"

Da Fei was stunned. "So that's how it is?" A sense of urgency welled up in Da Fei's heart. "Then how can I strengthen it?"

Renoir said seriously, "Leave this Lich Dragon here. As a living being, it's not suitable for you to lead a powerful army like the Lich Dragon. Its morale has dropped too much!"

Da Fei said in surprise, "Is that so? Good! I understand. I'll leave it here. However, the Lich Dragon's morale has only decreased by 5 points. I have a total of 7 points. It shouldn't matter, right?"

Renoir laughed. "You're underestimating a level-eight soldier. I thought so too at the start. Now, I realize that I was wrong. To be precise, the Lich Dragon lowered the basic morale, which is the increase in your leadership skills. In other words, it can reduce all your Master-level leadership skills to zero, which indirectly caused the combination of leadership skills and offensive skills to be ineffective. You haven't learned these two skills, so of course you can't feel it, but I can feel it. It's indeed powerful!"

Da Fei was enlightened! So that was the case! It seemed like the difference between the luck added by the Luck Skill and the luck added by the treasure was the same!

Leadership and Attack Skills had the most combined skills, and the most famous skill was Holy Judgment. If their morale was one point higher than the other party, their attack power would increase by 5%! The maximum increase was 50%! Once this skill was useless, the Guild of Light's army would be useless!

As expected of a level-eight soldier. How terrifying!

Alright, there was nothing else to say. Leave the Lich Dragon and return home!

As the turbo crystal erupted with a dazzling orchid-like radiance, a violent vortex surged around the fleet. As if in response to the magical power of the turbo crystal, the space above Miracle Island began to flash with lightning and the wind and clouds surged! It was indeed a sign of spatial instability!

Then, the scene changed. With a splash, a refreshing sea breeze blew over. The blue sky, the sea, white clouds, and seagulls appeared in front of them! There were also several coconut trees on Miracle Island!

Brother, you're back! Wahahaha!

The entire fleet cheered!