Chapter 270: Burning City Of Misfortune

Dark clouds hung low and heavy rain poured down. With low visibility, Da Fei's fleet successfully charged into the sea between the Ghost Dragon Cliff Archipelago. The scale of the wind and waves suddenly decreased. The defensive effect of the Soaring Archipelago was quite obvious.

However, this was only the result of the Eye of Storm landing. The storm that would land later was the real test. Renoir did not have the power to supply the rune dragon bones anymore, so it was impossible to continue chasing the Eye of Storm. The only way out now was to withstand it in this Harbor! Of course, the premise was to let the enemies in the city share the power of misfortune first.

As long as there was no interference from the Power of Bad Luck, Da Fei did not feel too pressured about the remaining storms as he had already experienced many God-level storms.

Da Fei raised his head and looked up. Among the towering stone pillars, the fleet seemed to be in the Abyss Valley. On the rock walls of the stone pillars, there were countless caves emitting dark blue light. In the strong wind, these caves actually made all kinds of strange sounds like musical instruments.

At this moment, a bunch of red dots suddenly appeared on Da Fei's radar. From the dozens of caves on the rock wall, huge bodies with shining eyes and black smoke curling around their bodies walked out!

The enemy had moved out! It was the bone dragon!

Da Fei was stunned! Although he could guess from the name of Ghost Dragon Cliff that this place was probably related to Ghost Dragons and the like, he was more or less mentally prepared. However, when he saw that the guards here were all Level 7 Flying Soldiers, Da Fei could not help but gasp!

When warships encountered air forces like bone dragons, they were as helpless as when warships encountered diving monsters! They made the ballistae that warships were proud of ineffective. This was not a battle of the same plane! This was the limitation of ancient warships.

Da Fei made a prompt decision. "All sailors on deck, retreat to the cabin and close the door! Serbia stick to the hull of the Radiance Wings. Let Alicia release the fog!"

The only way now was to give up on the deck and hide in a turtle shell! Relying on contagious bad luck to resist the storm at the back and disperse the enemy troops! The Air Force was most afraid of storms. They could not possibly smash the ship with the storm, right? As for the fog, Da Fei did not have any hope in this kind of weather. But it was better than nothing. And Serbia's Octopus was small. Once the Bone Dragon boarded the deck, it would be under the zero-distance attack of the Radiance Wings Ballista.

The bone dragons moved! They swooped down from the rock walls in all directions, as if they were going to crush the fleet! Da Fei's heart jumped! What the heck! This was not a boarding battle, but a suicide bombing! If the ship could hold on for a while, how long could Octopus hold on for?

At the same time, Alesia's mist rose from the sea, but before it could envelop the fleet, it turned into thick smoke in the strong wind. The spiraling smoke dispersed with the wind.

Da Fei sighed sadly. Fog could not be counted on. If the fog worked, the Bone Dragon might not be able to hit Octopus. It might even crash into nothing and fall into the sea. At this moment, the system notification sounded.

— System Message: Your sub-hero, Serbia, obtained information about Grandmaster-level light magic, "Storm Assault"!

Da Fei could not help but be stunned! Storm attack? Wasn't this the message that appeared once in the Pond of Light? This was Light Magic. He could understand it in the Pond of Light, but there was almost no Light Energy in the Dark Sea now. How could he obtain information?

At this moment, there was no time to think. A large circle of dark red arc light enveloped the entire group of bone dragons diving down!

Attack! Da Fei clenched his fists in ecstasy and nervousness! Being hit by the Bone Dragons of Absolute Bad Luck meant that the damage dealt would be reduced by at least half! It meant that they would definitely be affected by negative effects. For example, the "reflective" damage caused by the ship's construction characteristics!

That's right, even if I hide in the boat and get beaten up, I can still fight back! I'll smash your heads until they bleed! I'll let you know how powerful my Great Misfortune Spell is!

At this moment, a whirlwind blew over, and the entire bone dragon group suddenly shook. The momentum of its dive suddenly slowed, and the direction of its descent suddenly changed!

Ah! Da Fei couldn't help but burst out laughing!

— Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! The ship shook violently and the sound of the bone dragon falling into the water was too late!

Looking at the pile of "reflective damage" on the deck, "slanted damage", Da Fei finally could not help but laugh wildly! This was absolute bad luck! It was so awesome. Before the "reflection" could take effect, he had to blow it with a gust of Yin wind! Whoever dared to fight against absolute bad luck would definitely be beaten into a fool!

Although he was also a joker now, the God of Gambling theory was that when you felt that you were the most unlucky person in the world, you would be the luckiest person when you found out that an even more unlucky person had fallen in front of you! You only needed to be slightly luckier than the other party. In other words, in front of "Infinite Petty", "Infinite Petty + 1" was equivalent to Infinite Petty! This was the true essence of extreme luck battles!

In that instant, Da Fei seemed to have understood something.

Right at this moment, lightning flashed in the sky, and more than a dozen thick bolts of lightning exploded on the stone pillar closest to the fleet. As if igniting a barrel of gunpowder, a loud muffled sound came from the stone pillar, and then countless blue flames shot out from countless caves on the rock wall!

— System Message: You have caused great damage to Ghost Dragon Cliff in the Underworld City. EXP + 5.3 million! Your reputation at Ghost Dragon Cliff has turned into hatred!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 36…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Katerina, has reached Level 35…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has reached Level 35…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has reached Level 31.

Ah pfft! Da Fei could not help but spit out a mouthful of Heat-Seeking Flight! This lightning is considered my experience? It even exploded and leveled up? Haha! Wahahaha! This is the power of the Burning City of Misfortune! This stone pillar has just been swept through by the storm and is full of hidden dangers. Then, it was blasted by my Mad Lightning of Misfortune. It's hard for it to not perish!

At this moment, a crazy thought came to Da Fei's mind again. Maybe I can really destroy this city? How much experience will I have then?

"Arrogant mortal! You are indeed surprising to me! I will personally eradicate you, this scourge!" A majestic and angry roar resounded in the city. A huge black hole appeared in the sky, and a huge bone dragon with black smoke billowing out like the size of the Radiance Wings rushed out!

Da Fei's jaw dropped! No way, the City Leader personally came to kill him!

At this moment, a golden light shot up from the mast of the Wings of Light. A golden-haired Priest stood with his hands behind his back!

What the heck, so cool! Da Fei was overjoyed and said excitedly, "Lord Oracle, have you been protecting me?"

"Samael!!!" The bone dragon spat out a huge cloud of black smoke at Da Fei's fleet in rage!

A golden light shield instantly enveloped Da Fei's fleet! Boom! The light shield shook violently, and black smoke filled the entire city's sea sky!

The bone dragon said angrily, "Samael, do you know how disadvantageous it is to cast spells in the Nether Realm as an angel?"

Samael smiled faintly. "Suffer a loss? I don't even mind us using our real bodies to fight in your territory! Samast, show your real body?"

The bone dragon laughed loudly, “Do you have so much confidence in these mortals?” As the bone dragon laughed wildly, a huge bone dragon with a white glow flew out from every stone pillar. Its size was actually not much smaller than this Bone Dragon City Lord! This was a rank-eight soldier? A boss soldier?

Da Fei was shocked when he heard Samael laugh. "Mortal, I'm here. Do you know what you should do?"

Da Fei immediately came to a realization. "I understand! I know what to do!" This damn angel was willing to sacrifice himself for others. He did not hesitate to use his divine power to block the front line. Wasn't it just to let him gain experience by destroying the city? He did not say anything else. He would not let down Brother Angel's trust. He was going all out!

The bone dragon said angrily, "Crazy and stupid! I'd like to see how long you can last!"

For a moment, the ghost dragons that filled the sky spat out clouds of black fog towards the golden light shield that enveloped the fleet. And Da Fei's fleet charged towards another stone pillar with a loud bang!

How long could he hold on for? He did not need to hold on for long. He just needed to hold on until the storm came! Angel Bro, hold on!