Chapter 288: My Sister Can'T Be So Flirty

Junwen

Ever since Da Fei became famous, there were countless people who asked him for money on the streets. However, this was the first time a female player took the initiative to add him as a friend! It was not that Da Fei had never seen such a woman before. Back when he was playing "Tyranny", he became the president of the Dragon Slayer Guild. He was awe-inspiring and had all kinds of dark ears! He enjoyed the happiness of an emperor!

Da Fei snorted. "Bring it on! Wahahaha!"

At this moment, on the other end of the computer, Xiao Li, who had already made up her mind to make the most embarrassing move, felt like she had stepped on air when she heard Brother Fei's "video". It was a terrible feeling! Xiao Fang was right. No matter how famous a gaming celebrity was, a geek would always be a geek. Their * * * was so simple!

Video? Alright, video!

However, before the video, Xiao Li was still worried and asked anxiously, "Can you do it? Will you be recognized?"

Xiaofang patted her chest excitedly. "Don't worry! Zhang Ziyi's facial features are so obvious. Even after removing her makeup and changing her hairstyle, she can still walk on the streets! Don't be nervous, calm down! She's just a geek. Relax! Okay? Get ready, let's begin!"

Xiao Li took a deep breath and clicked on the video!

A drawing immediately appeared on the top right corner of the game. Her face, which was completely unrecognizable and extremely bewitching, appeared in the video. In that instant, Xiao Li could not even recognize herself! She could not help but feel relieved!

Xiaofang softly said, "Say something! Say hello!"

Xiao Li could only laugh. "Hello, Brother Fei! I'm very honored to be friends with you!"

Xiaofang said excitedly, "Chest! Chest! Chest!"

• • •

At this moment, on the other end of the video, Da Fei saw this pretty face with long hair that looked like ice-cold rice and ice advertisements. When he heard this Mandarin-like voice that sounded like a news broadcaster, he couldn't help but tremble! For a moment, he was stunned!

It was not that Da Fei had never seen a beauty before, but this woman gave Da Fei a strange feeling that he could not put his finger on. It was as if he had seen her somewhere before! Had he seen her somewhere before? Had he heard this voice somewhere before? Yes! It did seem like he had seen her before. Yang Ming? Rice Bing Bing? The female model on the cosmetics ad? Hey, hey, hey! If that was really the case, wasn't she too beautiful? No, no, no, it wasn't like that either! Her makeup was too weird!

While Da Fei was still in shock, the beautiful woman in the video spoke, "Brother Fei, am I pretty? Say something!"

Da Fei's eyes almost popped out! What the f*ck! It's so white! It's indeed a killing weapon!

Dafei immediately came back to his senses and smiled slyly. "Move the camera downwards!"

"Brother Fei is so annoying. Where are you looking at?"

"Wahahaha! Girl, are your breasts really big or are they supported by a bra?"

"There's no bra! It's obviously low-cut!"

"Wahahaha, is that right? Rub your chest and let me see!"

"No, Brother Fei, you've seen how I look. Can you let me see your face?"

Da Fei was teasing him enthusiastically. When he heard that the other party wanted to see his looks, he immediately stopped! How could someone like him, who was destined to wear a mask and receive millions of awards, let others see his looks? Then, all the internet cafe youths would follow him all the way to his doorstep and hack him to death! Not to mention, he had so many enemies online. He even offended a local beauty studio. Once he was exposed, wouldn't he die miserably?

Da Fei immediately shook his head and said, "I don't look good. Besides, looks aren't the most important thing for men in the game. Anyway, do you want to follow me? I have a lot of enemies, and you're very brave. However, you have to know that I'm very busy and high-end. I'm a career-type player. I can't bring you to level up or fight like ordinary players. You have to be mentally prepared for this!"

"Brother Fei, you're thinking too much. I'm satisfied as long as I can add Brother Fei as a friend. Actually, I have a friend called Sudden Youth who wants to get some bonuses in the international competition. I thought that I might meet Brother Fei, so I contacted him. We'll take care of each other then!"

Da Fei was stunned. "Instant Fanghua?" Could it be the female player he met in the beginner's hall who had outstanding mental calculation abilities? The first awesome person in the China server to bring 1,000 epic sub-hero?

The beautiful woman said in a coquettish voice, “That’s right, she’s the first female Overlord of the human race! She also admires Brother Fei a lot, and she’s been video-chatting him every day. However, she’s shy and is afraid of being rejected by Brother Fei, so she’s embarrassed to come personally.”

I masturbate to my video every day! It turns out to be a female d * mn! Wahahaha, I love d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn! I can't believe I'll become a male god and be masturbated by a female d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d * mn d! Very good! I want to be together!

Da Fei laughed and said arrogantly, "No problem! To be honest, I don't really care about the prize money for the International League. Anyway, as long as everyone is happy, just contact me if you need anything!"

The beauty was overjoyed. “Thank you, Brother Fei! That’s great! I know you’re busy, so I won’t disturb you any further!”

Not disturbing her? How could that do? In ancient times, there was a rich man who bought horse bones, and now, there was a rich man who bought wood ears! Not to mention this beauty in front of him, at least Instant Fanghua was worth befriending! Yes, befriending, wahahaha!

Da Fei laughed and said, "Since we're friends, I'll take the 10,000 gold coins for pocket money! If I don't take it, I'll be looking down on you!"

— System Message: You sent a transaction request to Player "harem"!

A harem beauty? For some reason, when Da Fei saw her name, "Jia Li", his hair stood on end! This name is my sister!

Wait a minute! Suddenly, Da Fei realized that the beauty in the video actually looked like his sister? In that instant, Da Fei realized that the more he looked, the more similar she looked! The more he looked at her, the more his heart turned cold! Damn, no wonder she looked familiar!

The pretty girl clicked on the deal and said coyly, "Thank you, Brother Fei! I'm going back to level up. Brother Fei, take your time!"

"Okay! Busy!"

Da Fei finally came back to his senses. Are you kidding me? My sister hates gaming the most, let alone videoing it online. My sister can't be so flirtatious! Yes, yes, my sister has always been a model beauty with an oval face. It's not surprising that she looks like her.

• • •

At this moment, in a certain female dormitory, they were having fun.

Xiaofang pressed Xiao Li onto the bed and ravaged her like she was blind. "You, you, you! What nonsense are you spouting?! Who would masturbate to this damned hooligan every day!"

Xiao Li laughed out loud. "You can't let me lose all my face, can you? You should at least show some gratitude, right?"

Xiaofang ruffled Xiaoli's hair angrily. "Brother, your head!"

Xiao Li laughed and said, "Spare me! It tickles!"

Xiaofang heaved a long sigh of relief. "No matter what, I've finally managed to hang this Kaidi before Xue Wei and that bunch of b * tches!" She then laughed coldly. "Xue Wei and that bunch of women are simply brainless. Not only did they not try to win over such a lecherous and simple expert, they even made him their enemy. Stupid! Stupid!"

Xiao Li was indeed lost in her thoughts.

Xiaofang smiled and said, "What's wrong with you? Are you reminiscing about the thrill of fishing for a rich man?"

Xiao Li said angrily, "What nonsense are you spouting! I just find this Dafei's voice a little familiar!"

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "You're so old-fashioned too. Other men's most old-fashioned way of picking up girls is' pretty lady, I think you look like my sister. Let's be friends'. Wahahaha!"

Xiao Li said angrily, "You're still talking! You're saying that I'm angry!"

Xiaofang laughed and said, "Alright, alright. Since you made your wife angry, let's not talk about it. By the way, school is starting soon. We can't stay in this dormitory. We have to rent a place outside the school."

Xiao Li said in surprise, "Why do we need to rent a room?"

Xiaofang chuckled. "Think about it. If Brother Fei asks for a video one day, or if Brother Fei's trusted subordinate asks for a video, will you put on makeup? Do you dare to pretend to be someone else in the dormitory? Besides, we're playing a bigger game here. It's no longer suitable for us to stay in school. It won't be easy for the dormitory manager to come and check on us."

Xiao Li then realized. "But the problem is that the rent outside is very expensive! And it's not safe!"

Xiaofang smiled and said, "Dear, who am I now? I'm a rich woman. Can't I afford to rent a house? As for safety, we can rent one downtown!"

Xiao Li said in surprise, "But the city center is far from the school, so it's not convenient to attend classes!"

Xiaofang said disdainfully, "We've already come this far, why are we still taking lessons? Isn't there a saying that if you can make a house, you won't open a factory, and if you can earn money, you won't study? Besides, with our results, wouldn't it be 60 marks if we just casually seduce a straight-A student to make copies of notes?"

Xiao Li suddenly clapped and said, "Yes! We can rent with my brother! With my brother taking care of us, we won't be afraid anymore!"

Xiaofang's brows twitched and her expression changed. "Ding Junfei? I don't want to. His lecherous eyes are obviously not good people!"

Xiao Li retorted, "How can you say that about my brother! Although he is indeed a little, at least he still takes good care of me. Don't worry, he won't disobey me. He definitely won't do anything to you!"

Xiaofang shook her head and sighed. "Alright, but we have to live separately. Find a unit facing the door. I'll pay the rent!"

Xiao Li quickly said, "Of course. I definitely can't let my brother know about my gaming. Oh right, my brother is rich now and can afford to live on his own."

Xiaofang shook her head. "No, no. It's just a small sum of money. I'll pay for it. Don't stand on ceremony with me! Time is tight, and I can't leave. Go look for any houses nearby!"

Xiao Li said angrily, "I know, my rich lady! But Miss, can you help me remove my makeup?"

Xiaofang laughed out loud. "What's there to unload? If you walk out like this, I guarantee that even the dormitory manager auntie won't recognize you!"

"That's right! They called the police and caught me like I was a lady who had entered the wrong door!"

• • •

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']