Chapter 287: Da Fei'S Friendship Is Hard To Add

At a female dormitory of Shen Dong Normal University.

Xiaofang laughed out loud as she smeared all sorts of cosmetics and accessories on Xiaoli's face that her roommate had left behind when she returned home from winter break. She said smugly, "This kind of thing is called public relations. The male players online are the easiest to take the bait. They don't care about your education, your background, or how many boyfriends you have. They only want a beauty. A beauty who knows how to play games is even better! This requirement is so low. If you can't even get a geek, how can you get a billionaire in the future when you go out into society? This is life's experience—"

Xiao Li said anxiously, "Who wants to win over the magnate? Can we not video call them? What if they recognize us?"

Xiaofang chuckled and said, "When this man meets a female player, the first thing he does is suspect if she's a transvestite. Therefore, he has to request for a video. Don't worry, as a woman, 30% looks and 70% makeup. As long as I let your hair down, it'll cover your left and right cheeks. You'll be a completely different person and won't be recognized. Oh right, when you put on this low-cut top, the man's eyes will be attracted to the bottom and it'll be even harder for him to recognize you!"

Xiao Li hurriedly shook her head and said, "I'm so scared. Xiaofang, can you do it?"

Xiaofang said anxiously, "Don't move, don't move! My fan is about to drop! Of course, I can't do it. My facial features are too obvious, unlike you, who is a changeling beauty. Furthermore, as the number one female Overlord in the China region, how can I video-call others so easily? Anyway, this kind of thing involves a huge deal with a reward of more than a hundred thousand US dollars, and also related to future cooperation. Looking at the whole world, there's no business that can get more benefits than the price to pay for this operation. Just look at those hardworking part-time model models in the Chinese department, and you'll know. In short, you have to do it well! Whether he's willing to take the bait is his business, whether he's willing to sell his looks is your business."

After half a day of tossing and turning, a beauty with a head full of loose hair, a butterfly clip on her head, lace ruffles on her neck, low-cut cleavage, thick shoulder makeup, and an unorthodox style jumped out!

Xiao Li wailed, "Oh my god! Who is this? If someone I know sees me, I'd rather die!"

Xiaofang laughed and said, "That's exactly what I wanted. I can guarantee that even someone familiar wouldn't be able to recognize you! Alright, the latest news is that Da Fei has entered the tavern in Aroline City. Hurry up and teleport!"

• • •

At this moment, Da Fei and the Cortner family were drinking and chatting happily!

Little Cortner said, "President, the Chamber of Commerce has been on the losing end for a long time. A serious illness requires strong medicine. I feel that it is better to have a short term pain for the Chamber of Commerce's revival. I have a bold suggestion. Will you accept it?"

Da Fei had already obtained the rewards. He still had to rush to see the rare weapon, Storm Druid, Wanderer Guild, and Markal. He was so busy that he did not even have time to listen to him.

Da Fei waved his hand. "It's good that you're bold! I believe you! Just do as you wish!"

Little Cortner was delighted. "Thank you for your trust, President. Since that's the case, I don't have the mood to drink anymore. I'll go prepare now!"

Old Cortner said happily, "That's more like it. In the future, I can retire in peace. But if there's anything I need, I'll do my best to help!"

Dafei laughed out loud. "In that case, please take care of me in the future!"

"Cheers!"

"Cheers!"

The guests and host left happily. Da Fei hurriedly went downstairs, feeling very pleased with himself. Just as he reached the staircase, a system notification popped up!

— System Message: Player "harem beauty" wishes to add you as a friend. Do you agree?

What the heck! As a famous person, the most troublesome thing was being followed by the paparazzi, followed by the beggar player asking for money, and then this inexplicable friend request. It was really annoying! Da Fei didn't even look at it and directly rejected it!

• • •

At this moment, Xiao Li, who had finally mustered up her courage and mentally prepared herself for the video, felt like a bucket of cold water had been poured over her head!

What kind of feeling was this? This was the feeling of a bunch of grass mud horses whizzing past one’s heart! Did he look down on those leading roles? In the end, when it was his turn, he wasn’t even given the chance to do so!

Xiao Li said anxiously, "How could this be! She was rejected instantly!"

Xiaofang hurriedly said, “Isn’t that obvious! He’s a celebrity who’s surrounded by countless people every day while walking on the streets, and who knows how many people are fighting to add him as a friend. Do you think adding him as a friend is really such a simple matter?—Quickly follow him! You must add him! No matter what method you use! To deal with a scum like him who has no bottom line and no bottom line, you must also attract his attention without any bottom line!”

Xiao Li was dumbfounded. "What do you mean by bottomless?"

Xiaofang stomped her feet and said, "What's the most popular saying on the Internet now? Sex! I want to give birth to your child!"

Xiao Li spat on the spot. "I won't tell you even if you kill me!"

Xiaofang said angrily, "You won't get pregnant even if you say it! You—Hurry up, they're running away!"

• • •

Da Fei arrived at the Druid Guild. The waiter at the door bowed and said, "Mr. Da Fei, are you here to recruit the Special Forces? The mayor has instructed you. This way please!"

Da Fei laughed out loud. "Thank you!"

— System Message: Player "harem beauty" wishes to add you as a friend. Do you agree?

What the f*ck! How annoying! Don't be an eyesore to me, cut it off!

Da Fei followed the waiter to the guild's backyard and saw an NPC Druid named "Storm Master Lungner" with a golden eagle feather and a golden green robe.

Lungner scanned Da Fei from head to toe with a gaze as sharp as an eagle's. He said unhappily, "It's hard to imagine that the sharpest army of the Druids would be commanded by a human. Although this is the mayor's intention, and although you're not famous in this city, I can't accept it!"

Holy f*ck! Why does he have the same temper as that ranger president, Gilion? But he's a hero, and you're just a bird's feather. Why are you so arrogant? Oh right! Why are these two so arrogant? This is a matter personally ordered by the mayor. What right do these low-level people have to make things difficult for me? Hey, Mr. Mayor, your words are not convincing?

Da Fei was now a Deputy Leader and a hero of the city. He had put on airs and lost his temper. He could not be compared to when he first came here. Furthermore, he was busy now and was too lazy to talk to him!

Da Fei said unhappily, "Do you have any doubts about the mayor's orders? In the entire Spirit Kingdom, the final person to complete the Epic mission is still me, a human! The mayor is a pragmatic person. If you have the ability, go up. If not, go away. It's that simple!"

Longner flew into a rage. "Watch your tone! Even the mayor can't talk to me like that!"

What the heck! What a familiar tone! Da Fei quickly recalled the scene when the mayor personally brought him to meet the ranger president. Could it be that according to the rules of Spirit Kingdom, the mayor was not controlled by the political forces? Or was this greedy mayor unpopular among the lower classes?

Da Fei's awareness of the situation in Aroline City was a little too deep. However, now was not the time to complicate matters. He did not want to experience it with you.

Dafei could only sigh and say, "I'm sorry, this is an urgent military situation. I'm also feeling a little anxious, so I apologize!"

Longner snorted. “What military intelligence do you have?”

What the f*ck! Are you done or not? It's none of your business! Da Fei suppressed his anger and said calmly, "Actually, the mayor has also instructed me to be cautious about using the Storm Druids' output. If the mayor is worried that something will happen to the army, I can totally reject him. At most, I can just go back to the humans and find someone else."

Hmph, do you understand what I'm saying? If you make things difficult for me again, I'll run to Markal and ask for his troops. I'll treat you as worthless in front of him. I'll let the humans know that all Storm Druids are afraid of death!

As expected, Lungner's eyebrows twitched. "I'm just worried that the troops will be led by incompetent people. In short, I'll only give you five members now. You can only lead them to war when you have missions from the Chamber of Commerce. If there are any losses, you can forget about getting any soldiers from me!"

— System Message: You have obtained the recruitment quota of five Storm Druids!

— Druid of the Storm: Mini Humanoid Spirit. Attack: 34, Defense: 31, Health: 460, Damage: 61-77, Attack Speed: 13, Movement Speed: 13, Command Power: 10, Recruitment Price: 5,700 gold coins. Special Skill: Long-Range Shot, Storm Crow, Hurricane Spell, Master-level Summoning Lightning, Master-level Healing Spell.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! This HP Defense, this damage, this recruitment price, it was really at the level of a superior Level 7 soldier! The key was that this was not a elite soldier, but a special type of soldier! The difference between a elite soldier and a soldier was that a elite soldier could not be recruited from a soldier camp. They could only be trained by players. Soldiers could be recruited directly from a soldier camp. Even if the attributes of a Level 8 soldier were like Bosses, they could still be recruited!

Holy f*ck! Although I've created a Banshee army, they're all elites! Furthermore, those elites were captured from kindergarten and slowly nurtured. It's very likely that they're outdated goods. If one of them dies, one less can't afford to lose! And these Druids can be supplemented. In other words, I have to think of ways to build a good relationship with them?

Fine! As long as he could get good stuff, it would be nothing!

Da Fei quickly smiled and said, "Thank you for your concern, my Lord. Please rest assured. I will definitely lead the army well and not let the army suffer any losses! Not only that, I will definitely bring the Druid of the Storm to greater heights!"

Lungner snorted. "Mr. President, why are you so respectful?"

Da Fei shamelessly said, "That's because after I saw the attributes of the Druid of the Storm, I was convinced that you are a real talent!"

Longner said unhappily, "Send the guest out!"

Fuck!

Da Fei slipped out of the Druid Guild. F*ck, I'm going to meet that ranger guild leader, Gilion. However, I'm here to return something. You better behave yourself. Otherwise, hehe! I'll show you!

Just as Da Fei stepped out of the door, the system notification came again!

— System Message: Player "harem beauty" wishes to add you as a friend. Do you agree?

At the same time, a female human player shouted in front of him, "Brother Fei! Please add me as a friend! I know video, I know how to warm the bed, I know how to tell funny jokes!"

— Pfft! Da Fei was in a bad mood and scolded her on the spot. "Why didn't you say so earlier? Video!"