Chapter 280: Comprehending Godly Luck Skills

The speed of the entire fleet increased drastically due to the appearance of the storm! The sudden turn of events made Da Fei ecstatic!

— Storm Assault: Grandmaster-level light magic skill. Summons a gust of wind on the battlefield to hinder the enemy's flying troops and long-range troops that interfere with the enemy.

Mana Consumption: 200 points, Basic Duration: 5 seconds. It can only be used once in a battle. The stronger the Spellcaster's Mana, the stronger the wind force of the gale. Spellcaster can consume additional mana to maintain the Tempest for an additional time. Every additional 1 second of the Tempest's time consumes an additional 30 points of mana.

This was the famous storm attack of a Grandmaster level light spell. The actual effect was that the flying troops that were blown by the wind would produce a negative effect of "Broken Wings". Their speed would decrease by at least 50%, and they might not even be able to fly, directly crippling the enemy's flying troops. It was the only strategic spell in Hero Genesis that could produce a powerful deterrent force against the flying troops. The effect of "Broken Wings" was very testing the timing of the user's casting. It was definitely a high-end spell! Of course, if the magic power of the spellcaster was at a terrifying level, there was no need to cast the spell at the right time. The first move was "Absolute Broken Wings", directly turning the enemy's air force into an army.

And now, such a high-end spell had been released by Serbia to push the ship! What a creative way to use it! And the source of this creativity was that the Seasoul Warlord had thousands of magic power reserves and could continuously maintain the storm until the fleet broke through!

This is the power of a godly weapon and a godly skill! Raging Sea of Blood, just watch from the side. Do you think you are worthy of being my enemy? At most, you will be able to fight with the soldiers. Wahahaha!

The increase in speed of the large fleet instantly disrupted Barrack's deployment. Barrack's fleet immediately began closing in, attempting to surround them.

However, all of this was obviously futile. Da Fei's fleet was not much slower than the pirates. Under the acceleration of the storm, Da Fei's fleet quickly shook off the pursuers behind them and escaped the encirclement of Balak. Finally, they turned into white sails at the edge of the sea!

The breakout was successful! The sailors of the fleet cheered, and Da Fei laughed wildly again!

At the end of the day, winning without a fight was the highest realm. If the pirates really boarded the ship, the odds would be against them. He wanted to rely on his own strength to bring dozens of sailors to turn the tide? Difficult! In short, from now on, he would definitely be heavily guarded at sea.

Katerina, on the other hand, was frowning and troubled. She was not happy at all.

Da Fei patted her shoulder and comforted her. "Something must have happened to the Barren Pirates. However, we don't have the power to solve it now. Let's talk about it when we get back."

Katerina nodded silently. Da Fei could only sigh. Perhaps it was another Epic Mission.

However, it did not matter. He had two godly skills, Fog and Storm. What else could he not deal with? Wasn't it just Raging Sea of Blood playing tricks on Barren Island? From the looks of it, Raging Sea of Blood could actually mobilize so many pirate ships to attack him. He had quite a lot of power. Once he became a huge trouble in the future, he would deal with it once he recovered!

• • •

At this moment, Raging Sea of Blood looked at Da Fei's fleet disappearing into the horizon. He was extremely depressed.

Of course, Raging Sea of Blood did not think that the high-end Fog, Storm, and the mysterious red light were Da Fei's personal strength. They were definitely the NPC fleet's strength! Da Fei was using these NPCs' strength to kill Demigods for huge benefits.

He had also made use of the NPCs to start his career, but his NPCs were not as high-end as Da Fei's. Letting him escape was proof! Raging Sea of Blood once again felt a huge sense of urgency.

If quality was not an option, then quantity was the key. He wanted absolute quantity. Suddenly, an even crazier idea popped up in Raging Sea of Blood's mind—lure the wolf into the house!

That's right, letting a fat sheep run away was a disgrace to all the pirates. This was also an opportunity to strengthen Barren Island further. Raging Sea of Blood's idea was to use this opportunity to let more pirate forces from other factions enter the island. Then, he would think of a way to govern them all! He was the true uncrowned Pirate King!

Of course, this idea was also very risky. Once too many pirates joined the other factions, the balance of power on Barren Island would be broken, and it was very likely that Barak would be eliminated! However, he was a thorn in the eyes of the other factions. I was the intermediary contact of the various factions. Him being eliminated did not mean that I was eliminated. Perhaps only by him being eliminated would I have a chance to become the Pirate Leader of Barren Island? It was possible! No matter what, I had to give it a try!

At this moment, the world channel sent a message:

— World Announcement: The first season of the "World Cup of Heroes" qualifiers have come to an end. The international competition will officially begin on March 1. Contestant Shangguan Tianxing, please check the course of the competition. Please prepare for the competition!

— China Regional Announcement: In order for the rest of the world to match the time difference, the China Regional Competition will officially begin on March 1, 16: 00 PM. All contestants, please pay attention to the time of the competition.

The entire world channel was in an uproar.

"I'm going to let this trash shine for a while again!" Raging Sea of Blood could not help but curse angrily. Although Raging Sea of Blood was very unwilling, he had to admit that trash Da Fei's strength was not something ordinary people could take down. In short, he had to hurry!

Similarly, the soldiers who were transporting the goods and saw the information of the world could not help but feel melancholic.

The soldier handed Dawei a cigarette and exhaled a long ring of smoke. "School reopens on March 3."

Dawei sighed and said, "We were all working for this Brother Fei during this holiday. His level didn't increase much and he didn't earn much money either. We didn't even talk to him for a while." There was no guarantee to work for a president whom he had never met before in the game. He couldn't even guarantee the president's credibility. The president could decide whether he wanted to rise or fall. How could Dawei not worry?

The soldier took a deep breath and extinguished the remaining half of his cigarette. "This is the beginning! I'm sending a message to Brother Fei!"

For the soldiers, the vice president of the Chamber of Commerce had never been decided. This was a thorn in the soldiers' hearts. Although the soldiers believed that they might not be capable enough to take on this position, they were still the first batch of old men to follow Brother Fei. They should at least give him a position in the Chamber of Commerce as a token of appreciation, right? Could it be that there was no grass growing under the big tree, and his character was publicly acknowledged to be low? It was similar, but not quite the same. The soldiers had lost the initiative to start a business, so they had no choice but to take a gamble with Da Fei.

• • •

Faroland was close to the sea, and the evening glow filled the sky. The rays of the setting sun illuminated the entire blue sea until it was golden. Da Fei's mood was like a seagull circling in the distance, full of excitement!

Initially, he thought that it was just a slightly more difficult shipping journey, but he did not expect it to take such a big detour. He overcame one unimaginable difficulty after another and obtained unimaginable gains. Thinking back to this journey, it was like the clouds in the sky, like a dream!

Just as he was lamenting, Da Fei's message rang. It was the soldier. "Brother Fei, I wish you all the best in tomorrow's competition. Glory for the country, fame and fortune!"

Da Fei was in a good mood now. He could never get tired of flattery. However, he remembered something and asked, "Soldier, did Raging Sea of Blood cause any trouble for you?"

The soldier hurriedly said, “We’re still on the way back. They haven’t caused us any trouble yet. But we’ll be careful.”

Da Fei laughed and said, "This Raging Sea of Blood is doing very well with the Barren Pirates. Don't underestimate him. When I return, I'll give you a high-speed gunboat. You can fight and run. I'll definitely beat up Phoenix Feather and Raging Sea of Blood!"

The soldier quickly said, "Thank you, Brother Fei. We will definitely use it well."

Hearing his calm tone, Da Fei laughed. "Don't tell me you think it's the one I bought from the mayor? Is that something I can show you?" Da Fei showed the attributes of Octopus to the soldier.

As expected, the soldier was stunned. "As expected of Brother Fei! This ship actually has a level! How can there be such an awesome gunboat! Brother Fei, are you letting me use it?"

Da Fei laughed. "Are you scared? The market price of this gunboat is probably comparable to a small car, right? You can change the entire cargo module into a gun module. You can also turn it into a water soldier's dormitory. You can use it like this. You can do whatever you want. In short, I'm very busy. Raging Sea of Blood isn't worth chasing after. I'll leave it to you!"

The soldier was overjoyed. "Thank you, Brother Fei! Don't worry, we'll take care of Raging Sea of Blood! When will you be back?"

Dafei laughed out loud. "At most, it will be tomorrow morning!"

The soldier was overjoyed. "If nothing goes wrong, we'll be returning too. We'll definitely pull all the spies from the Chamber of Commerce to the dock to welcome Brother Fei! Let Blood Sea Studio see Brother Fei's prowess!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Good! That's what I'm playing at! I want to see which one of them doesn't come to pick me up!"

"Brother Fei is mighty and domineering!"

After ending the conversation with Da Fei, the soldier shouted excitedly in the dormitory, "Brother Fei is so loyal! Dawei, our brothers are going to be rich! We can do pirate wanted missions now. We are going to get promoted and make money! Wahahaha…"

• • •

A new day had begun. Da Fei could already see the horizon in the distance. Now, Da Fei was staring at the gold coin's cooldown, waiting for the final moment of Samael's prophecy!

The dark red arc of light that enveloped Da Fei's fleet for a month slowly faded until it disappeared! The moment it disappeared, a rainbow light shone above Da Fei's head!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have comprehended the true essence of the Luck Skill, you have comprehended the Godly Luck Skill!

— System Message: You have successfully resisted misfortune and comprehended the true essence of the Luck Spell. You have obtained information about the hidden class "Fate Knight".

The time has finally come! Wahahaha! Da Fei laughed heartily. Now, the only threat is gone. I've finally won!

Ah, wait a minute. Destiny Knight? Hidden job? Destiny? A job related to luck? I only know of one Knight of Misfortune? Could it be the opposing job of the Knight of Misfortune? Lucky Knight?

Speaking of which, there was indeed such a knight among the 12 Knights of the Round Table of King Arthur? He was sitting in the most dangerous seat, and only the knight in that seat could find the Holy Grail. In the end, he also found the Holy Grail! However, when he found the Holy Grail, he also died! Could it be that the Heavenly Fate Knight was that kind?

Forget it, I'll deal with these things in the future. What I need now is to level up and obtain a Skill Point. I need to learn the Godly Luck Skill, Lucky Body!

— Luck Body: Passive Skill, the chance of triggering another Hero's Special Skill is increased by 15%!

This was a well-deserved godly skill! The special skills of most troops were all probability-based. For example, farmers and shield guards all had a special skill that could knock them out. The probability of this special skill appearing would not exceed 10%, and with this passive skill, it would increase by 25%! Of course, the farmers and shield guards were not enough. What about the Death Knight's critical strike that dealt more than three times the damage, the Decapitation Sword that the Lord of Abyss killed in one hit? What about the Blind of the Unicorn? An increase of 15% was quite terrifying, enough to turn the situation around.

Now, Da Fei was only one step away from level 38. As long as he returned and handed in the mission, he would definitely level up! Haha, wahahaha!