Chapter 286: The Cortena Family'S Reward

After leaving the trading center, Da Fei went to the Morning Wind Tavern, the most luxurious tavern in Allolin City.

The attendant at the door immediately called out, “Are you Sir Da Fei? Sir Cortner and Sir Keltner have come to the VIP room on the third floor! Sir, please follow me!”

Under the guidance of the attendant, Da Fei came to the VIP room on the third floor. In the room was Old Cortner, who he had not seen for a long time, and the butler, a total of three people.

Seeing Da Fei enter, the three of them greeted in unison, "Mr. Da Fei, welcome! Welcome! Please take a seat!"

Dafei laughed and said, "Sorry, sorry for making everyone wait!"

Old Cortner sighed and said, "Mr. Da Fei is too polite. Originally, my greatest hope for this trip was to train my grandson into an Elementary Voyager. But I really didn't expect Mr. Da Fei to train him into an Advanced Voyager. I couldn't believe it. But when I heard from his detailed description that Mr. Da Fei had experienced an incredible adventure, I couldn't remain calm anymore!"

Little Cortner smiled and said, "Even I feel like I'm in a dream. I think Mr. Da Fei is the current Odyssey!"

Dafei laughed and said, "No, no, I was just lucky. You're too kind!"

Old Cortner smiled and said, "Luck is also an indispensable quality for Voyager. To express my gratitude, this is a small token of my appreciation. Please accept it!"

— System Message: Old Cortner has gifted you the Book of Extreme Survival Experience.

— Extreme Survival: Under extreme hunger, illness, and fatigue, it greatly increases the survivability of sailors or troops. It can also be used when it is not sailing.

— System Message: Old Cortner has given you a Skill Book.

— Skill Book: Using this book, you will receive a skill point.

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! Skill Book! What the heck, this thing seems to be very valuable in the later stages? This reward is really well thought out. If I give both skills and Skill Points at the same time, would I be afraid that I don't have any Skill Points to learn! However, I've already completed the mission above my quota. Isn't it a little too little to only receive two books?

Old Cortner smiled and asked, "By the way, Mr. Da Fei, what do you think about Cortner's performance this time?"

Why would he pay attention to a man's performance? But what did he mean by this question? Was he going to give him an additional reward? Alright, then he would say something nice to make him happy. Then, everyone would understand!

Da Fei laughed and said, "He performed very well. His piano played a huge role in our journey. Furthermore, his rich knowledge played a key role in helping us break out of the Demigod's trap. He was also very meticulous. More importantly, he overcame his initial cowardice and became very brave. This made me completely believe that he was a pampered aristocrat. In short, without him, we might not be able to return safely on this trip!"

Old Cortner was delighted to hear that and could not help but laugh.

Little Cortner blushed and said, "Captain, you flatter me!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Baron, you don't have to be so humble!"

Old Cortner stopped smiling and put on a straight face. "Mr. Da Fei, or I should call you Mr. President here. I have a presumptuous request. Will you consider it?"

What the heck! Don't tell me he wants me to groom him into a Master Voyager? What a scam! There's no need to think about it, I'm not free! Da Fei laughed and said, "Sir, just say it! As long as it's within my capabilities, I'll definitely help!"

Old Cortner sighed and said, "My grandson was only able to become a baron because of his family's heredity, but he has an empty title and no official position. This really worries me. I heard that Mr. President's Dragon Knight Merchant Association has a lot of things to do and needs people. Also, my grandson's performance is more satisfactory to Mr. President. Can you arrange an important position for my grandson?"

Da Fei could not help but be stunned. So he was sending talents! Pui! This Casanova seduced my Katarina Serbia's talent! However, seeing that he knew many beautiful women with white breasts and exposed breasts, I admit that he is a talent!

Da Fei clapped his hands and smiled. "I see! As long as Mr. Cortner doesn't mind that my Dragon Knight Merchant Association is poor, I will definitely welcome you!"

Little Cortner immediately stood up, bowed, and said excitedly, "I have a wide social network in the City of Erolyn. I believe that I can help the Chamber of Commerce clear up the people in this city and obtain the support of various businesses, allowing the Chamber of Commerce to receive a large number of commissioned missions. The Chamber of Commerce is thriving."

Da Fei's eyebrows jumped! What the heck, he can accept business everywhere? This is an awesome talent!

Old Cortner waved his hand and interrupted his grandson’s garrulous speech. He said in a deep voice, “Don’t bring out your scoundrel friends to embarrass yourself. Not a single one of them is of high quality!”

Dafei was stunned!

Old Cortner bowed and said, "Actually, this grandson of mine used to be a hedonistic son of a wealthy family. After this trip to the sea, he has matured a lot and has the determination to work hard. I don't want to lose face, so I'll help him get a job. He wants to be the vice president of the Dragon Knight Chamber of Commerce!"

Da Fei's jaw dropped! What the f*ck! Although he knew that NPCs could join the Player Chamber of Commerce, he did not expect that NPCs would want to be the Vice-President! He did not even know who to assign such a crucial role to. Was he supposed to assign it to an unreliable NPC like Flower Master?

Little Cortner blushed. "I know that this is an unreasonable request, but I hope that the president will give me a chance to show my talents!"

Old Cortner sighed. "How about this? In order not to put Mr. President in a difficult position, please arrange a probation period for me. One year, half a year is fine. If you really can't do it, just cancel it. We have no objections!"

Da Fei finally came back to his senses! What did he think was going on? Wasn't it just a Deputy Chairman?

In this society, the neighbors were all strangers to each other, not to mention the players that he had never met online! The players that he trusted the most in the game were the players, and he had never had any friends in the game. Should he trust the NPCs or the players? That was nonsense! Of course, he trusted the NPCs! No matter how much NPCs cheated him or squandered him, there was still a lower limit to the system. If players cheated him, he would be screwed to death!

There was nothing much to say. He had gone through thick and thin with his brother, but he was not a hero. He was playing the Expert-Level Mode with his life. He admitted that he was not as bold as he was, so he added! Also, what he hated the most in his life was the f*cking trial period. Since he wanted to recruit an NPC Vice-President who would never go offline, he would directly increase his loyalty to the maximum!

Da Fei immediately said, "Mr. Cortner, I admire your talent and courage. I believe in your ability. I will appoint you as the lifelong vice president of the Dragon Knight Chamber of Commerce. As long as the Chamber of Commerce is around, you will be the vice president. We can sign a contract as proof!"

As soon as he said that, Old Cortner was shocked. "Is the president serious?"

Da Fei nodded and said, "You're exaggerating!"

Little Cortner was so excited that his whole body was trembling. "Thank you for your trust, President. I will do my best to bring the Dragon Knight Merchant Association to greater heights!"

Oh yeah! Loyalty + max! Playing games is so practical! Da Fei laughed and said, "In the future, everyone will work together and take care of each other!"

Old Cortner also said excitedly, "Thank you, Mr. President, for your guidance. Since you are taking such good care of me, my Cortner family must show you our sincerity!" With that said, he took out a beautifully decorated wooden box.

Wahahaha! As expected, there was an additional reward? Looking at the old man carefully taking out a map from the box, Da Fei could not help but hold his breath! The legendary treasure map? What was that golden book in the box? Could it be the legendary—

Old Cortner pointed to a green forest beside the sea on the map and said, "This is the map of the New World. I have to start from my dead son, who is also his father. It happened in the first year of the Founding Era, which was 160 years ago. His father was one of the earliest experts to enter the New World to explore. He discovered this forest filled with infinite vitality. In order to commend our family's achievements, the kingdom officially granted this forest to our Cortner family's territory. This is the seal!"

This yellow booklet was indeed a feudal seal! It turned out that there was a son between the grandfather and grandson of Cortner! F*ck, wasn't this nonsense! Did it mean that his special sincerity was to give the territory to his brother?

Dafei asked even though he knew the answer, "Sir, what do you mean?"

Old Cortner shook his head and sighed. “The earliest settlers to enter the New World are the most dangerous. Without the current Grand Line and without more support, my son eventually died in the New World, and my family’s territory fell into the hands of an unknown force. However, although we lost our territory, the land order is still there, and the kingdom still admits that the land belongs to our family! However, I am old, and my grandson is weak, it is difficult to take back the land that is only in name, but President is young and promising, you can definitely do it!”

Wahahaha! As expected, it was a gift! How could he accept it?

"— But!" Old Cortner changed the topic. "The territory conferred by the kingdom cannot be given away without permission. This is a great crime! Therefore, we cannot give this territory to Mr. President!"

Da Fei was stunned. As expected, there was no such thing as a freebie? Then why not show it to me?

"However, it's different now!" Old Cortner chuckled. "Since my grandson has become the lifetime vice president of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association, then my family's territory is naturally closely related to the Chamber of Commerce. As long as the president recaptures this territory in the future, our Cortner Family will definitely use this territory to develop the Chamber of Commerce! What do you think, Mr. President?"

So that's how it is! Isn't it just to take back his territory in the future? As long as this territory is near the sea, it will be under my rule!

Da Fei laughed. "This is a good thing for both our Chamber of Commerce and the Cortner Family. I have no reason to disagree!"

The two of them laughed loudly and said, "As expected of the president. Cheers!"

"Cheers!"

• • •

At this moment, below the Morning Wind Tavern, a female human player named "harem beauty" was looking around nervously.

That's right, Da Fei's whereabouts were taken to heart. Xiao Li was pushed to the front desk by Xiao Fang. Fortunately, it was a game. Otherwise, Xiao Li would never do such a thing.