Chapter 281: Victory Returns

Junwen

At 5 am in the morning of March 20xxxx, the Spirit Kingdom’s Faroland Harbor was in sight! The sailors of the entire fleet broke out into thunderous cheers. Da Fei was so excited that tears welled up in his eyes!

This time, he set off from Arlorine and passed through the Linfeng Strait, killing Demigods and becoming famous throughout the world. Then, he passed through the Floating Ice Sea and made a detour to reach Fire Dragon Island. After that, he explored the North Pole and returned to the Linfeng Strait to defeat the Demigods again. Then, he turned into the Dark Sea and passed by the Netherworld city, Fatalon Ghost Dragon Cliff. On the transfer to Miracle Island, the total time of the real world was 12 days. Da Fei went offline and slept for less than 30 hours before returning victorious!

The tall buildings of the city stood in the distance, and the white sails on the shore were busy. The bugle horns of the voyage rose one after another, and the breeze on the coast was refreshing. Groups of seagulls let out cheerful cries as they circled the masts of the fleet!

When Da Fei's fleet approached the port, the Erolyn regional channel exploded! All the small ships of the players who were out at sea could not help but follow Da Fei's fleet to take screenshots and check out what was going on!

“Welcome back, Brother Fei! Thank you for your hard work!”

Apart from knowing that Da Fei had killed a Demigod, no one knew where Da Fei had gone on this voyage. No one knew what he had gained from this trip. Hence, when Da Fei came down to the dock, almost half of the city's players rushed to the dock. Instantly, there was a sea of people. The huge flow of people instantly drowned the welcoming party that the soldiers had painstakingly organized. All the players present wanted to know what Da Fei had gained this time.

This question was obviously very difficult for Da Fei. Da Fei himself also wanted to know what his gains were! However, what Da Fei wanted to know more was why were the players reacting so strongly? Even if Liu Dehua had come to Hong Kong, he wouldn't have such a huge reaction, right?

Of course, Da Fei did not know how many groundless rumors the soldiers had spread throughout the city that night. Almost all the players in the city knew that Da Fei was coming back, and how many awesome items he was going to bring back.

Da Fei waved at the crowd of players as he walked down the escalator. When Da Fei stepped on the limestone bricks at the dock, a sense of security flooded his entire body. It felt good to be back on land!

— City Channel [Da Fei]: At this moment, I only want to say seven words—Hahahahahaha!

The entire city exploded again!

In the crowd, the soldier, Dawei, and the newcomer, Yi Donglai, who had not joined the meeting, immediately squeezed in front of Da Fei and bowed deeply in front of everyone. "Welcome back, Brother Fei!"

Da Fei laughed. "Thank you! You're too kind!"

The three of them bowed. "Brother Fei, thank you! You're welcome!"

Instantly, the entire venue was booed!

That's right, a game was a game after all. There were many things that could not be done shamelessly in real life that could be done in a game without any qualms! Did the soldiers create such a grand scene just to suck up to Big Brother and support him?

Don't underestimate the current university students! The soldier's goal was to take advantage of this opportunity to publicly worship Big Brother in front of the tens of thousands of people present, hundreds of thousands of people on the forum, and millions of people in the middle region. If the entire middle region knew that he was Da Fei's underling, would Da Fei still treat his underling unfairly in the future? Once he did badly, what would others think of Da Fei? Where could Da Fei put his face? Therefore, after this ceremony, even if he was a pile of mud, Da Fei had to support him to the wall! Unless Da Fei was really as shameless as the rumors said! If he really encountered such a weirdo in the human sea, the soldier could only resign himself to fate!

The university student was scheming, but Da Fei was in a good mood and did not think too much about it. What Da Fei was thinking now was, how much could he sell for this trip? Of course, the most important thing was how much EXP could he sell?

Da Fei had more than 50,000 worth of goods when he set off. Then, he sold more than 900,000 gold coins worth of 400 units of minerals. In other words, the profit from this trip was 18 times! The 18 times profit was from the cross-country long distance, the risk factor, and the local urgently needed three factors to work together.

Then, would he need to increase the price by 18 times when he returned? Not necessarily. At the very least, the ore might not be "urgently needed locally". Then, the profit on the return trip might be about 9 to 10 times. Da Fei brought 2,400 units of ore with him on the return trip. If he converted it to the value of the ore, it would be about 5.4 million gold coins. This was the reward for helping the Dwarf General salvage the dragon bone! 5.4 million gold coins would be 54 million gold coins if he doubled it by 9 to 10 times!

54 million! 10 times the value! Impossible? Impossible?! From a practical point of view, it was impossible, but anything was possible in the game! In fact, the value of the spices produced from Southeast Asia being transported from tens of thousands of kilometers to Europe was more than 100 times the value!

Excluding the 2,400 units of ores, there were 300 deep-sea specialties picked up from the mouth of the Whirlpool Sea Demon. Legend has it that these things are 100 times more valuable than gold. 1 unit of gold is 10,000 gold coins. I don't need 100 times to be so unreliable. 10 times is enough. 10 times is 30 million! At least 30 million! Is it possible? Is it possible?!

In other words, this trip is close to 100 million! Is it possible? Is it possible?! Haha! Wahahaha!

Da Fei patted the shoulders of the three people who were bowing in front of him and said happily, "Brothers, there's no need to be so polite. I just came back, so I don't have any gifts. However, if you accompany me to the trading center, I will have a gift for you. Wahahahaha!"

The soldier immediately straightened his back and said obsequiously, "Da Fei's safe return is the biggest welcome gift for us!"

Yi Donglai also straightened his back and said with a burning gaze, "Brother Fei, may I know that your esteemed self is busy? Do you still remember me?"

Da Fei laughed out loud. "The soldiers have already mentioned you to me. You are the Eastern Sword. We met at the preliminaries!"

Yi Donglai was overjoyed. "It's truly my greatest honor to be remembered by Brother Fei. That battle made me admire Brother Fei greatly, so I wanted to join you for something. I have a small gift for you, Brother Fei, you must accept it!"

— System Message: Sword from the East sent you a transaction request, do you agree?

Da Fei made fun of the trading frame and laughed. "As the boss, I haven't even given my brothers a greeting gift. How can I accept your greeting gift? Keep it for yourself!"

Yi Donglai shook his head. "It's a pair of necklaces that I got from someone to assemble a divine weapon. I don't need them. Brother Fei must accept them. If Brother Fei doesn't accept them, then it means Brother Fei isn't willing to protect me. I can't even eat or sleep peacefully!"

Oh? Could it be the treasure that Raging Sea of Blood mentioned by the soldiers? Wahahaha! If that's the case, I really have to take it. If I don't, I'll feel uncomfortable all over!

Da Fei said happily, "Alright! I won't stand on ceremony then!"

— System Message: You have completed your transaction with Eastern Sword. You have received "Mana Ring" and "Mana Necklace"!

— Mana Ring: [B] Class Strategy Treasure. + 50 mana. Mana recovery speed + 10%. Can be combined with the Mana Necklace, Mana Ring, and Mana Bracelet to create a low-level divine weapon, “Mana Source”!

— Magic Power Necklace: [B] class Strategy Treasure. + 70 Magic Power, + 13% Magic Power Recovery Speed. Can be combined with a magic ring, magic power ring, and magic power bracelet to form a low-level divine weapon, “Magic Power Source”!

Source of mana: When the new day begins, the total amount of hero's mana will double. (Combination God-grade equipment has all attributes of parts.)

Da Fei's eyes widened! Da Fei's hands could not help but tremble slightly! This was the ultimate divine weapon of a Mage, a component of the source of mana! To a Mage, what did mana mean? Forget about everything else, if he did not have thousands of mana from the Sea Soul Battle Armor, would he be able to escape?

Endless mana meant infinite combat power! Any piece of equipment on the Internet would cost at least a few hundred thousand yuan! He actually gave it away just like that? This greeting gift was really too hot. My luck really turned for the better. I can also receive such a loyal and visionary underling!

Da Fei took a deep breath, patted Yi Donglai's shoulder, and said emotionally, "I know how much this pair of treasures is worth! Your gift is too valuable! But don't worry, with me around, you can earn back ten or a hundred times the money! I won't let you down!"

The soldier immediately chimed in. "Brother Fei, you're so loyal! Thank you, Brother Fei!"

Dafei laughed loudly. "You don't have to thank me for hanging out with me!"

At this moment, a Level 0 player with a golden name called "Hero News 064" squeezed through the crowd and stood in front of Da Fei. "Hello, Mr. Da Fei. I am the frontline reporter for Hero News 064. May I take some time to ask you some questions that all the players are concerned about?"

Oh! I've been interviewed! The golden name has been specially verified by the game company. It's equivalent to a special account like GM in traditional games. He must be a reporter!

Da Fei was in a good mood. "Go ahead, ask!"

Reporter: "Where is Da Fei taking this risk?"

Dafei laughed and said, "It's a national secret!"

The reporter laughed. "That's right. Mister Da Fei is a well-known player who has received international attention. Without a doubt, Mister Da Fei's personal secrets are also classified in the center region.”

The soldier immediately gave him a thumbs up. "Well said. Like!"

The reporter smiled and asked, "In that case, everyone knows that Sir Da Fei killed a Demigod. Can you reveal the type of Demigod that Sir Da Fei killed, as well as the drop?"

Da Fei laughed. "Without a doubt, a Demigod is a sea monster. You can bid for my big ship and compare it to the current ship and the ship when we set off. As for the Demigod's drop, there must be a divine weapon! Wahahaha!"

The reporter exclaimed, "There is indeed a huge difference. This ship's portrait is the harvest of this trip, right? Can you tell me the function of this ship's portrait?"

"Aiya, it's a national secret!"

"Mr. Da Fei, what's your relationship with this NPC ship? Is this your new ship?"

"Aiyah, it's a national secret again!"

"Mr. Da Fei…"

"Wahahaha, it's a national secret! Can you stop prying into national secrets? I'm very troubled!"

The reporter smiled and said, "Alright then. The more state secrets Mister Da Fei has, the higher our chances of winning in the middle region. Then, what are your plans for the International League this afternoon?”

As a junior reporter with tens of thousands of spectators, Da Fei said without hesitation, "To become the world champion, of course!"

On March 1st, the entire world's attention was focused on the international competition that was about to begin. The international competition would also be stirred up because of Da Fei, this "giant crocodile"!

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']