Chapter 283: Switching Officials

After settling down Leviathan's egg, Da Fei could not wait to board SV Fly to find Deirdre.

As soon as he entered the cabin, he was greeted by a fragrant breeze and a seductive voice that he had not heard in a long time. "Master, you're finally here. I missed you so much!"

Da Fei did not have the chance to see her answer clearly. Deirdre's fair and smooth body suddenly hugged him. Da Fei hugged her tightly and laughed. "Baby, I miss you too!"

Deirdre pouted. "I thought Master had forgotten about me. I'm so lonely!"

Da Fei smiled and said, "Sorry to keep you waiting. I came back specially to let you improve. Oh right, what have you been busy with recently?"

Deirdre smiled. “Of course, I’m responsible for managing the Artillery Banshee and managing the Banshee camp on the ship. There are already 113 Banshee spots in the camp now. I’m just waiting for the master to pay for them.”

Da Fei was overjoyed! 113! This meant that she had been recruiting soldiers every day for the past four months! Strong! Too strong! This was the power of the Demon Soldiers Camp!

If a battalion wanted to produce soldiers, they had to fulfill a few conditions. First, the population of the territory, second, regular training, and third, the reserve of resources. These three conditions were easy to understand. Some special battalions, such as the Sea Anemone King, did not require population or training, but they needed resources. If they did not have enough resources, they would stop producing. After a few months, they only had 16 reserves.

In fact, the Demon Soldier Camp also needed to meet the above three conditions, but because demons had profound spatial teleportation techniques and a large population, the Demon Soldier Camp could also recruit soldiers through the summoning method of the instructor. The production of recruitment depended entirely on the instructor's personal ability.

It seemed like it was the right choice to leave Deirdre here! Otherwise, how could I suddenly rise up in this afternoon's competition? These were all Level 4 Infernal Strategy Soldiers. One AOE Charm could directly destroy the enemy's troops! Not to mention their chain attacks, once the numbers were increased, they would definitely blast the enemy into a sea of fire! The scene would definitely be explosive!

Wait a minute! 113 Banshee required 339 Command Points, and my current Command Value is close to 1,100. The total value of my current troops is 1,200 including the Lich Dragon. There's no way I can bring all the Banshee with me, right? Oh right, speaking of this army camp, Da Fei thought of this scammy 100 million gold coins debt! Hey, hey, didn't we agree to pay in batches?

All in all, let's not bother about the debt for now. Be it buying treasures or finding Markal for an official position, we have to make up for this shortfall of over 400 points of Command Power. The championship is one million US dollars, it's no small matter! Repaying the debt is a piece of cake.

Da Fei smiled and said to Deirdre, "Baby, transform. I'll bring you out to play!"

Deirdre laughed charmingly. “My pleasure!” As she laughed, a pink mist rose, and a beautiful middle-aged nun appeared again.

Da Fei sighed in his heart. How much do you love nuns? However, love is not divided into classes. I love them too! Wahahaha, except for the old grandma.

As he teleported, Da Fei returned to Elorin. At this moment, the guards guarding the teleportation circle called out, "Sir Da Fei, Sir Cortner and Sir Keltner would like to invite you to meet at the most luxurious Morning Wind Tavern in the city."

Oh, even the old little Cortner is on the move. Wahahahaha, I've already completed the mission and groomed little Cortner into an intermediate navigator. How are you going to thank me? However, the market price is extremely high. I can't wait to sell my goods now!

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Got it. I'll be back soon!"

Da Fei rushed to the trading center. The players on the way saw Da Fei appear again and couldn't help but exclaim, "It's Da Fei!"

"He has another female cultivator as a hero? What a strong wind! He's so awesome!"

"Not only is he awesome, he's also awesome!"

"Let's see what he's up to!"

Instantly, a bunch of players followed behind Da Fei.

F*ck, why is it so annoying! Da Fei had no choice but to let them follow him to the trading center. Now, Da Fei handed all the goods to Deirdre and the trade began.

Da Fei calmed himself down and waited for the trading frame to appear. Da Fei's eyes were wide open as he prepared himself for a few zeros!

After a while, the trader coughed and said, "Sir, can you wait for a moment? I would like to invite our business manager to discuss with you."

What the heck! I can't see the trading frame! Da Fei had a bad feeling about this! Da Fei anxiously said, "What's going on? I have to hand over the money and the tickets at the same time. Why would I hire a manager for such a simple matter?"

The trader sighed and said, "I'm really sorry, sir. According to the rules of the exchange, a transaction worth more than 50 million is not handled by ordinary traders like us."

No way? There was no such rule during the open beta testing? Was it to prevent players from using loopholes to earn money? Or did they not have that much money? That was impossible. It was fine if Fire Dragon Island was poor and could not afford it, but Eloreen was the harbor of Spirit Kingdom. It was impossible for her to not be able to fork out a mere hundred million and eighty million yuan, right? Could it be that my sunken shipment was really impressive?

Da Fei asked in a low voice, "Then how much is this transaction worth?"

Damn it. Luckily, the system set the prices according to the rules in the game. Otherwise, I wouldn't have done a transaction without knowing the price. I wouldn't have asked such a stupid question!

The trader sighed and said, "I'm sorry, I'm not qualified to negotiate the final price. Please forgive me, sir. Ah, the manager is here. Please have a good talk with the manager."

"Hello! Mr. Da Fei! Can we go to the VIP room on the second floor for a chat?" A middle-aged man dressed in a gentleman's attire appeared politely.

‘ Then let’s talk.’

In the VIP room on the second floor, after the attendant served the tea, the manager introduced himself. "I'm the business manager of the Erolyn Exchange, Roland. I've long heard that Mr. Da Fei is the hero of Erolyn, but unfortunately, I've never had the chance to meet you. I'm very pleased to meet you today."

Da Fei was not in the mood to be polite with him. He coughed and said, "Mr. Manager, you're too polite. How much is this batch of goods worth?"

Roland said in a low voice, "The price of the ore is 57 million yuan, but the price of the goods you are fishing for is not set, so we need to have a good talk with you."

57 million! It was a few million more than I had expected! This trip was indeed worth it!

Dafei said happily, "Let's not talk about salvaging goods for now. Let's just get rid of the ore trading first!"

Roland said solemnly, "To be honest, our Caroline doesn't have enough cash to buy your ore."

Pfft! So he really didn't have money! Da Fei couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of blood! Da Fei panicked. "How could he not even have more than 50 million in cash?"

Roland said solemnly, "The value of money lies in the flow of money. With the current development index of the city, there is indeed not so much liquid capital."

Da Fei was suddenly enlightened! It's a modified version, it's really a modified version! During the Open Beta, the so-called trading center was nothing more than an ATM used by merchants to buy unlimited amounts of money. Now, the number of gold coins in a city was completely related to the city's development and prosperity. In other words, if merchants wanted to earn more profits, they had to invest in the city to repay society!

The problem was, he needed gold coins now! Da Fei asked, "Then, Mr. Manager, do you have any suggestions?"

Roland said solemnly, "My suggestion is that we pay 20 million gold coins for the down payment, and we'll make up the rest of the debt in a month. Please believe in the credit of our exchange center. After all, we can't afford it, and neither can other cities. Of course, you can choose to distribute the goods in batches, but the EXP and Reputation rewards will be much less if you distribute them in batches."

Da Fei was stunned! Only the players owed the System. He did not expect the game system to owe the players! He had encountered such a thing? However, the System had its difficulties. What could the players do? Obediently listen to the System and agree to the System's request? What the heck! Wasn't this nonsense? This trivial matter could be solved with a System Message from the trader downstairs. Was there a need to specially go to the second floor?

There was a conspiracy!

Speaking of which, as an expert, he should extort the system's magical equipment when he encountered such things. Official position, territory, beautiful female sub-heroes, and so on, right? What he lacked the most now was official position! He needed it for the competition in the afternoon!

The problem was, did this batch of goods have the capital to extort the system? This was not the extremely poor Fire Dragon Island. If he wanted to buy it or not, what could he do? Try it? Then try it!

Da Fei said, "I have a suggestion too. Are you interested, Mr. Manager?"

Roland raised his eyebrows, took a sip of tea, and said calmly, "What do you suggest, Mr. Da Fei?"

This expression! There must be something wrong! It can't be wrong! I'm indeed an expert!

Da Fei suddenly became very confident and began to shamelessly say, "Mr. Roland, the trading center is the economic lifeline of a city. I believe that although Mr. Roland's position is not eye-catching, your horizons will definitely be broadened. I don't have any other intentions, I just want to be promoted to an official position. This way, we can contribute more to our city and our Guild of Light. Mr. Roland, do you have any ideas?"

As soon as he said this, Roland's posture of holding a teacup seemed to freeze into a statue!

Da Fei's heart tightened! What the f*ck, my request is indeed too shameless and too forward? Did I go overboard?

Finally, Roland put down his cup and shook his head. "It's not that I don't have a solution, but it depends on Mr. Da Fei's sincerity in serving the alliance!"

Pfft! What a lackey and corrupt official! Your eyes are as bright as torches. I saw through you the moment I entered! Little thing! Wahahaha!

Dafei pretended to be at a loss. "What does sincerity mean?"

Roland chuckled and said, "Since you have the heart to serve the city, I have a second suggestion. If you're willing to donate this batch of 305 units of deep-sea goods, I'll think of a way to give you a way out. However, you're already a lieutenant of the alliance, so it'll be difficult for you to get promoted through donation. So, I suggest that I give each of these beautiful deputies by your side a second lieutenant's rank. How about that? It should be known that it's the hardest for an adjutant to get an official position, but once they do, it's equivalent to opening a door for promotion."

Da Fei's heart trembled! No wonder he asked me to go up to the second floor. It's because he has his eyes on my seafood! This seafood can't be more than a hundred times the gold, right?