Chapter 289: Learning A New Class

Da Fei came to the ranger guild that he had not seen for a long time. Since he was here to return something, it was not difficult for him to meet the legendary "ordinary people can't even see" guild leader.

Just as Da Fei expected, this Gilion was still arrogant. "Although you delayed the return of the Pool of Light for a few months, seeing that the mission of the Pool of Light is still incomplete, I won't hold it against you!"

Damn it, it’s as if I owe you! Alright, I owe you! If I’m not wrong, that Storm Master’s soldier would normally require a very high reputation or a quest before he could be recruited, right? Alright, as a career-type player, I won’t argue with NPCs.

Da Fei smiled and said, "Thank you for your concern, President. This Blood Eagle Flute played a huge role in this operation. Without it, I wouldn't have been able to complete the mission. This is my personal loss, the kingdom's loss, and the Guild of Light's loss…"

Just as Da Fei was spouting nonsense non-stop, Gilion stared at Da Fei in disbelief!

Da Fei said in surprise, "Mr. President, what's the matter?"

Gilion said in surprise, “As if you’re working part-time as a ranger?”

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat! Oh? As expected of the Wanderer Chairman. You can tell that I'm a part-time Wanderer now? Wahahaha! There's a chance, there's a chance! As a professional player, what should I do next?

Da Fei laughed and said, "Yes, during this operation in the Pool of Light, I met the heroic spirit of a spirit general who died in battle. He provided me with great help when I entered the Abyss Blood Pool, and then let me be a ranger!"

Gilrien cried out in shock, “Impossible! Absolutely impossible! As a human, how can he be a ranger? Rangers are a main hero class. How can he be a part-time ranger?”

That was the expression he wanted. Did you not know anything too? You can't pull it off anymore, right? Then just be a primary school student. Da Fei smiled proudly and said, "Although it's a main class, the attribute points of the secondary class are only half."

Gilion shook his head and asked urgently, "Who is the heroic spirit of the spirit general you mentioned?"

Hmph, hmph, I was waiting for you to ask! Thinking back, the old lady was unhappy when she heard this name. I wonder how you would react when you heard this name?

Da Fei said calmly, "Taranna is said to be a genius of the Spirit Tribe. I heard that he is not very popular. I wonder if you know him?"

Gilion frowned and said, "Oh, it's him…"

Sigh, from this tone, it seems like that guy doesn't have any friends. If this president was his friend when he was alive, wouldn't I be able to pull some strings?

Da Fei coughed and said, "No matter what, although he's very arrogant, I can tell from the way he trained me to become a ranger that he has the right to be arrogant. Personally, I think that as long as he's a real talent, no matter how bad his temper and social relations are, there will always be something worthy of respect."

Gilrien came to his senses and said calmly, "That's right. Those who are capable always have a reason to be respected!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Actually, in my opinion, people who are both capable and humble and low-profile are more worthy of respect. I think that it's an impressive ability for the President to repair this Blood Eagle Flute. The President is more worthy of respect!"

Since there was no way for him to build a relationship with Taranara, he could only flatter himself and build a relationship.

Gilion frowned and shook his head. "Repairing the Blood Eagle Flute is just a small trick. Now that the item has been returned, you can leave."

Hm? Send him away? What the f*ck! That won't do! I still have to ask him about breaking through to God-grade! And since I've already asked Taranna about it, it's obviously triggered a plot. I definitely can't leave. Otherwise, if I miss this chance to return the item, how will I see him again?

However, since I haven't done any missions under him, and my friendliness is only so-so, and I don't have the help of the mayor, it will be very difficult for me to do anything to him! He can just directly say "send the guest out" and all my efforts will be wasted. Seeing that he's interested in being a part-time ranger, I'll come up with a big move!

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Mr. President, actually, I did a little bit of work during this operation in the Abyssal Blood Pool of Light. Also, Mr. President helped me repair this Blood Eagle Flute, which is a great contribution. I have a good suggestion to repay you!"

Gilion was surprised. “Suggestions?”

Da Fei hurriedly nodded. "Yes, I know. Training humans to become rangers is a very impressive ability. If everyone knows that this is because of President Gilion, wouldn't the President become famous?"

Gilrien slammed the table angrily. "Nonsense! Am I the kind of person who would steal someone else's technology? Send him out!"

F*ck! What the f*ck! I was so anxious that I became an idiot! How can I say something like that in front of him? No, hold on!

Da Fei immediately said, "No, no, no. What I mean is, I want to formally acknowledge Mr. President as my master! I believe that it's not a problem for me, who has already obtained the status of a ranger, to acknowledge the President as my master. In this way, I will make contributions to the kingdom, and the President will also be a great hero behind the scenes. The President will also be proud! Alright, I know that as a human, some of my actions might not be favored by the spirits, but as long as we mutually benefit each other, the President will also receive the credit that should belong to him. Everything will be for the kingdom and for the Alliance. Isn't it better for everyone to be happy?"

Gilion's brows twitched when he heard that. Da Fei's spit flew everywhere, and his heart was beating rapidly. Could it be that this was it?!

Finally, Gilion said coldly, “Are you finished?”

Da Fei swallowed a mouthful of saliva. "I'm done!" What the heck, his next sentence was not to send him off again, right? He did not succeed in sending him off the first time, so there was no point in sending him off again!

Gilrien said coldly, "I told you that I hate dealing with humans. I don't even know how you came to be a part-time ranger, so I can't teach you at all! One of the apprentices said, forgive me for not accepting!"

I see! Then I have one last move!

Da Fei anxiously said, "Mr. President, with your help, I have advanced to the God-grade Reconnaissance Skill. This is what you have indirectly taught me! I also know that there is a type of Eagle Reconnaissance Soldier in the Dwarf Kingdom that surpasses the God-grade Reconnaissance Skill. I believe that the Spirit Kingdom is superior in this aspect. I want to surpass the God-grade Reconnaissance Skill and comprehend a new profession. Mr. President, you can teach me this!"

Gilion’s expression changed drastically. “You’ve actually comprehended a God-grade Reconnaissance Skill! You actually know a class that surpasses Reconnaissance Skills?”

Wahahaha! That's the expression I wanted! Now is the time to use the ultimate move, 'sell your melon'. If you don't agree, it's not that you don't want to teach me, but that you don't have real talent and can't teach me! F*ck, I'm also wondering if a city-level guild leader like you has the ability to teach me! If you can't, I'll have to go to the capital to find the Chief-of-Staff. There are always better mentors in the capital, right?

Da Fei bowed deeply. "Mr. President, I feel that my aptitude and comprehension are passable. I will not disgrace my mentor's reputation. I sincerely hope to receive your guidance. I hope to become your disciple!"

Gilion said nothing for a moment.

Da Fei bowed and could not get up. His heart was pounding. For NPCs who relied on the System to think at the speed of light, there was no need to be so conflicted, right? Speaking of which, at least I fulfilled the requirements of becoming a disciple. In addition, I triggered an unexpected plot. In addition, there might be some conflict between me and the mayor, so I'm acting for me to see?

Finally, Gilion let out a long sigh. "Alright, as a human being, you are indeed a part-time ranger. This is something worthy of my attention. After so many years, you are the first human disciple I have accepted!"

— System Message: The Guild Leader of the Rogue Guild of Aroline City, Gilion, has become your ranger mentor!

Oh yeah! Success! Letting someone who doesn't like me accept me as a disciple is more fulfilling than being Markal's cheap student!

Dafei said happily, "Thank you, Teacher!"

Gilrien shook his head. "To be honest, I don't have much to teach you, but I can teach you the class that surpasses the Reconnaissance Skill!"

— System Message: You received "Kingdom Trainee Sentry Guide" from Instructor Gilion!

— Kingdom Trainee Sentinel Entry Guide: A special occupation for Spirit Trainers. Obtained the ability to tame reconnaissance eagles. Learning Requirement: Elementary Ranger, Elementary Druid.

Da Fei was overjoyed! As expected! There was indeed such a class! He had found the right person! As he had said, the symbol of a Spirit Race individual was to release eagles in the forest. Of course, a Spirit Race individual that even dwarves knew would know even better! Wahahaha! This Gilion was really cold on the outside but warm on the inside. As soon as he became his disciple, he immediately gave him a big gift!

Dafei bowed again and said, "Thank you, Teacher!"

Gilion waved his hand. "There's no need to thank me yet! First of all, this is a military occupation. Under normal circumstances, it cannot be leaked. Therefore, I can only teach you a military training occupation. A military occupation cannot increase your attributes of any occupation, so you have to figure it out yourself!"

What? Not providing a subclass with attribute points? Isn't this too weak?

Dafei quickly asked, "Then how do we figure it out?"

Gilion shook his head. "I don't know about the sentinels of other races, but the sentinels of the Spirit Kingdom are based on the development of the ranger Druid class. If you can increase your ranger class, I can naturally increase your sentinel class. Once you become an official sentinel, you can obtain a professional attribute bonus."

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Increase the level of a ranger? It seemed like Taranna had mentioned going to his hometown?

Da Fei quickly said, "Thank you for your guidance, Mentor. How do I tame this Reconnaissance Eagle?"

Gilion shook his head. "As a human, it's hard for me to believe that you can communicate normally with birds, so I don't think that normal domestication is effective on you. So, I can only use abnormal methods. But it depends on whether you're willing to pay the price!" Saying so, he took out the Blood Eagle Flute that Da Fei had just returned.

Dafei said in surprise, "Teacher, what do you mean?"

"Use your bloodline as a catalyst to feed a Spirit Eagle, but the price is that your health points will decrease by 100 points! As the Spirit Eagle grows, your health points will decrease as well!"