Chapter 284: Deirdre Rocket Upgrade

At this moment, Da Fei's heart was in turmoil! This Deep Sea specialty was indeed extraordinary!

Roland was right. It was easy for players to become officials, but it was extremely difficult for their sub-heroes to become officials. If they could become second lieutenants for their sub-heroes, not only would they gain 100 Command Points, but it also meant that they could accumulate merit and be promoted continuously!

Speaking of which, the first Epic sub-hero in the China server had 1,000 Command Points. How high of an official would that be? It was not only promoted after the player was hired, it was something that the other party had from the start. It was indeed extremely difficult to hire a high-ranking sub-hero, but to nurture a sub-hero into a high-ranking official, it was already indescribable. It was simply impossible!

Da Fei was tempted.

However, there was still a problem. How much was this deep-sea specialty product worth? It was a product from his prehistoric times. It must be priceless, right? Was it worth it to exchange it for a few junior lieutenants?

No, no, no, you can't think of it that way. Marx had said before that only an exchange would produce value! So what if the coal mine owner had a lot of money and had to use a train? He didn't have a sense of security. He would rather his son drive a luxurious car to the yamen to work as a small civil servant. What was the point of getting a salary of one or two thousand a month?

Therefore, if he could not exchange for what he really needed, money would be worthless no matter how much he had! In fact, if he could make all the sub-heroes become officials at this time, it would be a product of the prehistoric times! It would not be a loss if he used the prehistoric times to buy the prehistoric times, right?

Roland chuckled. "Mr. Da Fei, what do you think?"

At this moment, Deirdre spoke up. "Master, please be careful!"

Da Fei was shocked!

Roland frowned. "Why not, ma'am?"

Deirdre chuckled. “Master was supposed to put me in charge of this transaction, so I’m naturally obligated to point out my doubts.”

"Oh?"

Dafei hurriedly said, "What doubts?"

Roland also chuckled. "Ma'am, feel free to speak."

Deirdre smiled. “First question. Let’s not discuss how much this batch of deep-sea specialties is worth first. Why is Mr. Manager making a big fuss over the specialties? Are ores not worth anything?”

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. It seemed like the value of a specialty product far exceeded that of ores.

Roland chuckled. "If I'm not wrong, the lady is a Succubus, right? Then I'm not tired of telling you this. The reason is simple. Although ores are valuable, they're all goods that are clearly priced. There's no room for negotiation. However, deep-sea goods are different. Deep-sea goods are priceless, but there's a lot of room for negotiation. No one will have any evidence against them."

Da Fei was enlightened. This was the trick to being a corrupt official! He could not let others take advantage of him! Even if everyone knew that there was something wrong with him, his accounts were clean. There was nothing he could do!

Deirdre laughed. “In fact, ores have room to grow!”

Roland frowned. "What do you mean, ma'am?"

Deirdre smiled and said, "Although I don't know the businessmen's compulsory Skill Bargaining Skill, I know that Elementary Bargaining Skill can reduce the price of goods by 5% and increase the sales price by 5%. Master Bargaining Skill can increase the sales price by 25%, so Master's batch of ores still has room to increase the price by 25%. In other words, Master's batch of ores should be sold for 7.12.5 million! What do you think, Mr. Manager?"

Da Fei was shocked. Did Deirdre bargain with someone at Master Level without a bargaining spell? Was she trying to blow up the sky?

Roland was also shocked. He coughed and said, "But, after all, ladies don't discuss price spells, right? And the Master Barrier Spell is a 25% increase, not a 25% increase. In fact, it's a good deal if the Master Barrier Spell can reach 10% or more."

Deirdre laughed. “Even if it’s raised to 25%, that’s still within the scope of Mr. Manager’s influence, isn’t it? If Mr. Manager can’t fully control the scope of his own authority, how can I believe that you can obtain a few official positions? After all, in my opinion, you’re only a manager of an exchange!”

Roland was stunned. "You!"

Da Fei was shocked! That was true! Luckily, this was a game! If he met someone who boasted in real life, he might be a liar!

At this moment, a familiar laughter came from outside the door. "I heard that someone is going to sell all the stock exchanges in the city. Can I come in and take a look?"

Dafei said in surprise, "Mayor?"

Roland immediately opened the door and bowed. It was indeed Mayor Oseriman!

Da Fei also bowed and said, "Mayor, hello! I'm incompetent and have alarmed you."

Oseriman burst into laughter. "Mr. President went straight to the exchange as soon as he came back. I'm so lonely. If you didn't come to me, I would have come to you!"

Da Fei hurriedly waved his hand. "No, no. The mayor is very busy. I don't dare to disturb him."

Oseriman chuckled and said, "Alright, we are all on the same side here, so let's not stand on ceremony. In order to show our sincerity, let me buy the tickets. This way, the lady will believe us, right?"

Da Fei was enlightened! So this Roland was just a pawn of the mayor! That's right, how could an ordinary person get such an important position? Although his position was small, his power was immense! Also, how could he let the mayor personally speak about this matter? Of course, it was done by his trusted subordinate. In the end, it was the mayor who had taken a fancy to this batch of goods. However, since he had allowed him to blow up the boss behind the scenes, he would not be polite!

Da Fei quickly said, "Since the mayor has said so, I have no more doubts."

Oseriman smiled and said, "Mr. President is indeed extraordinary. Not to mention these deep-sea specialties, just these ores are extraordinary. In fact, these ores are strategic resources of the Dwarfs of Fire Dragon Island. It might be a few years of production. Under normal circumstances, they are not for sale. You can bring this batch of ores back, which is also a huge contribution to our city! Therefore, according to this Miss Instructor's request, 7.12.5 million gold coins will be paid in batches!"

Roland said respectfully, "At your command, my lord."

So he had been eavesdropping outside the door all along? Damn! But he still remembered that Deirdre was the instructor's daughter? Alright then, let's get down to business—

Da Fei said, "Mayor, what about the debt of the Banshee camp?"

Oseriman nodded and said solemnly, "I think that Mr. President's batch of goods is priceless, and there is a lot of room for appreciation. Whether it's due to market expectations, my personal investment, or my long-term contribution to the city to the kingdom, it should be offset!"

Da Fei was shocked. "Lord Mayor, do you mean that I can use the Deep Sea Special to offset the debt of 100 million?" I cut the grass. Is this seafood especially valuable, or is your debt especially terrible? I think it's the latter!

Oseriman smiled and said, "However, the Banshee camp still spent 20 million gold coins on materials. We can't let the investors lose out on this, so you can only offset the debt of 80 million. How about it?"

What the f*ck! I understand now! This military camp of mine is actually worth at most 20 million. The rest are the appearance fees for hirers and your scamming fees! Now that things have come to this, I have nothing to say!

Dafei said excitedly, "Thank you, Mayor!"

Oseriman took out another five military medals and said, "You have successfully completed the Duke's mission to say that there is hope for the revival of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association. These five second lieutenants were once the escort troops of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association. Now, I will officially give you these five military ranks!"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! He said something about exchanging specialties for the rank of a second lieutenant. So it was supposed to be mine! What a sanctimonious corrupt official. As expected, he didn't leave any evidence behind!

The mayor smiled. "Mr. President, are you satisfied with this deal?"

I'm satisfied! I've made 50 million and five second lieutenants. As long as I don't know how much this batch of seafood is worth and don't have to worry about it for the rest of my life, I'm very satisfied! In short, I'll let these goods become the stepping stone for me to curry favor with the rich and powerful. It's much better than those coal bosses letting my son be a small civil servant!

Roland bowed and said, "So, Mr. Da Fei, can we officially trade now?"

Da Fei nodded and said to Deirdre, "You're in charge of taking over!"

Deirdre said excitedly, “Thank you, Master!”

— System Message: Deirdre completed the transaction agreement. You received 7.12.5 million gold coins in trade. Deirdre completed a large transaction and received 154 million trade experience points!

— System Message: Deirdre has learned the elementary bargaining technique!

Then, golden light flashed above Deirdre’s head!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Deirdre, has reached Level 21!

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Deirdre, has reached Level 22!

• • •

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Deirdre, has reached Level 41!

Finally, the golden light landed!

Level 41! Holy f*ck! She ate 150 million experience points alone and jumped from Level 20 to Level 41! She's really higher than all of us! This is the power of preferential treatment!

At this moment, Deirdre's condition was as follows:

— Deirdre: A mysterious banshee who pursues the path of a hero.

Level: 41

Occupation: Master Level Cannon Artist. Increases Ballista Damage by 100%. Every time the Hero level increases by one point, there will be an additional attribute point.

Hero Special Ability: Banshee Leader. For every level up, the Banshee troops' Attack and Defense will increase by 1 point. At the same time, the Hero has the ability to train Banshee.

Class Skills: Iron Lady, Ballistics, Speed Skills, Smoke Bomb, Burning Bullet, Poison Bullet

— Iron Lady: Hero's Ballista receives the explosive effect. It can deal 5 + 5x magic damage to the area near the bullet point.

— Ballistics: Master Artillery Master increases the Ballista progress by 25%.

— Speed Blast: Cannon Gunner can increase the Ballista's attack speed by 50%. When this skill is activated, the Ballista's durability will decrease.

— Smoke Bomb: Cannon Gunner can create and release smoke bombs to confuse the enemy.

— Burning Bullet: Cannon Gunner can create and release Burning Bullets to create chaos for the enemy.

— Poison Gas Bomb: Cannon Gunner can create and release Poison Gas Bullets to create chaos for the enemy.

Hero Skill: Master-level Study of War Machines (Ballista Master), Advanced Dark Magic, Elementary Price Skill.

Command Power: 100

Attack: 61

Defense: 42 (Basic: 13, Treasure + 29)

Magic Power: 10

Knowledge: 10

Damage: 25-39

Health: 452 (Treasure + 102, Upgrade + 82)

Magic Resistance: 50%

Fire Resistance: 75%

Attack Speed: 11

Hero Special Skill: Flying Creature, Charm Master, Chain Strike, Transformation Skill, Banshee Training Master

Hero's Treasure (Note: This treasure is a Hero's personal item. If a player uses it lightly, it will lower the Hero's loyalty):

— Dwarf King's Armor: Grade B Strategy Treasure, Defense + 10, Magic Resistance Chance + 15%

— Dwarf King's Helmet: Grade B Strategy Treasure, Defense + 5, Army Immunity to Blind Magic.

— Dwarf King's Rune Shield: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Defense + 8, Magic Resistance Chance + 20%

— Dwarf King's Iron Fist: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Attack + 3, Defense + 3, Attack Speed increased by 5%.

— Dwarf King's Legguards: [B] Class Strategy Treasure, Defense + 3, Unit is immune to Delay Magic.

[Additional Reward for the Dwarf King Set: Army Health + 2, Hero Health + 100]

Remaining attribute points: 21 points, remaining skill points: 21 points.