Chapter 285: Releasing The Right To Recruit Arrows

The deal was made, and everyone was happy. Roland immediately asked the attendants to bring the wine forward, and everyone drank to celebrate.

Looking at the 20 million gold coins that he had received in the first batch, Da Fei was in a daze! What did 20 million gold coins mean at this stage? And what was the concept of the 30 million gold coins that he had to pay in batches? This was the equivalent of an expert spending half a year in the studio!

What was that saying again? Drinking with the rich and powerful for a long time meant that he would get promoted sooner or later. Drinking with the boss for a long time meant that he would get rich sooner or later! What was this called? High-end route! What was the high-end route? That was to cling onto the rich and powerful, give them money, cars, houses, and beauties! Only by making a huge advancement would one be able to make a big advancement! Those people who were scheming would be looked down upon by the rich and powerful with just one look. They wouldn't even let people in, wouldn't even let people in, and they still wanted to be high-end?

And now, Da Fei was drinking with the mayor! How many times had Da Fei been able to drink with the mayor in the game? This seemed to be the second time! When was the first time? When he was donating the tuna eggs!

Dafei, do you know how to fight?

I understand!

While everyone was in high spirits, Da Fei immediately took out the Seafood Octopus Egg he got from killing the Octopus Boss at the Floating Ice Sea. He smiled and said, "I got another Seafood when I went to the North Sea this time. The mayor happens to be here too. To celebrate this transaction, I'll donate it to my city!"

Roland was overjoyed. "As expected of Mr. President. Octopus is a famous seafood in the market! The prosperity of this city will be greatly increased!"

The mayor laughed out loud. "Mr. President! From the first time I saw you, I was certain that you would achieve great things. As expected! I'm really glad that I've chosen you! With you around, it's really the blessing of Caroline, the blessing of Spirit Kingdom, and the blessing of the Guild of Light!"

Roland said excitedly, "Mr. Da Fei has already donated a tuna specialty. Now, with this Octopus specialty, our city is qualified to run for the Alliance Sea Production Celebrity City! Once we enter the Top Ten Cities, our city's seafood will be upgraded to 'branded'. At that time, its value will be incomparable to now!"

— System Message: You donated the seafood "Octopus Egg" to Erolyn City. You received a fixed quota of 10% Erolyn Exchange Octopus Specialty! Your reputation in Erolyn + 100,000!

— System Message: As you are now the president of the Chamber of Commerce, you can reveal your fixed quota to the members of the Chamber of Commerce.

What did it mean by a fixed quota of 10%? For example, if the monthly output of the tuna was 10,000 units, then 10% of the tuna 1,000 units would belong to Da Fei. No one else could buy this 1,000 tuna, so Da Fei could ship it out and sell it himself. Of course, he still had to pay the money and the factory price. Da Fei could also directly entrust the exchange to sell it. In short, it was equivalent to owning 10% of the shares of this specialty product. The profits were huge!

Of course, for the powerful Overlord players, they would not be interested in this 10%. They would build their own city and develop their own specialties.

The mayor laughed and said, "According to the rules, the shareholders who donate specialties can only have a fixed quota of 10% of the specialties. However, Mr. President was the first to donate the specialties last time, so he received an additional 10% reward. This time, we should give Mr. President some additional rewards. If Mr. President needs anything, I will do my best to help!"

Wahahaha! As expected, the high-end route works immediately! That's right, I received a 20% quota for donating tuna last time. This time, it's only 10%. If I don't compensate you, I'll be letting you down! At the end of the day, donating sperm is actually compensation. Didn't you give me a f*cking mission in the Pool of Light last time? However, I don't want money, treasures, or f*cking things now. I only want soldiers! This request is reasonable, right?

Da Fei laughed and said, "Mayor, the Chamber of Commerce is on the right track now. The escort mission is the most important thing now. I want to obtain a powerful escort team. May I know if you can make an exception?"

The last time he had gone out to sea, he had been unable to recruit Spirit Race soldiers because he was a human. Furthermore, if the human race wanted to recruit soldiers, they would not be able to use the Teleportation Formation to bring them to Arroyo. In the end, he could only run naked out to sea. The pain he suffered during this period could be imagined!

The mayor clapped his hands and said with a smile, “That’s a good request! I was just about to say that when I handed over these five second lieutenants to you, I had already considered it for you. Originally, according to the kingdom’s rules, as a human, Mr. President cannot recruit elite Astrals’troops. However, as the president of the Spirit Trade Association, you can indeed recruit soldiers in the name of the escort troops. I will now give you the authority to open up elite Astrals’troops to level 1, 23!”

Da Fei was stunned! According to the rules? What the heck, this is what I deserve? Then, wouldn't my request be in vain? Is it wrong for me to be too fast and too forward?

The mayor changed the topic. "However, just opening the level 1, 2, and 3 recruitment rights is not an additional reward. My additional reward is to open the recruitment of the Special Forces, 'Storm Druids' for Mr. President. The number of Storm Druids is very small, and there's only one every month. They are the elite of the Druids Guild, the elite of the elite, and the elite of the Storm Crow Transformation. To put it simply, they are powerful troops that can fly, long-distance, and release magic. They are suitable for fighting at sea, and are the best choice for escorting troops! You can go to the Druid guild in this city to recruit them."

Da Fei was pleasantly surprised! What kind of soldier was so awesome that they only produced one soldier every month? Even a Level 7 soldier would not be so difficult to produce, right? He was happy that such a powerful soldier was definitely not a Level 4 soldier. Even if he could not surpass a Level 7 soldier, he should not be far from it, right?

The mayor smiled. "Mr. President, what do you think of my arrangement?"

Dafei said happily, "Thank you for your concern, Mayor!"

The mayor shook his head and said seriously, “However, I need to remind you that the Spirit Race escorting troops that the President has recruited can only be brought out on missions entrusted to them by the Chamber of Commerce. In other words, these troops aren’t your personal troops. What you need to focus on is having a good reason to send out your troops. Furthermore, once a Spirit Race soldier dies, the President’s reputation will also decrease. You need to pay attention to these issues.”

F*ck, as expected, using the soldiers of other races was a pain in the ass. If not for the fact that the production of the female army could not keep up, he would not have suffered this pain!

Da Fei nodded. "Got it. I'll be careful."

The mayor smiled and said, "Actually, I can only be at ease if I hand the troops over to Mr. President. Alright, there's one last thing. While you were out at sea, your Gelu Hero Inheritance Report has been approved. Due to your outstanding performance in the Pond of Light and the Abyssal Blood Pool, the kingdom has agreed to grant it! We're just waiting for the Pond of Light to be completely purified."

Oh, right! It was finally approved. It seemed like the Great Elder of the Kingdom's General Staff had also said that he would wait for the results of the Pool of Light!

Da Fei heaved a long sigh of relief. "Thank you, Mayor!"

The mayor smiled and said, "You're the hero of this city, so of course I have to take care of you. Alright, I have some matters to attend to. Excuse me! If you need anything, you can look for me!"

Roland hurried to open the door. "Take care, my lord!"

Dafei also quickly said, "Sir, please take care!"

After the mayor left, Roland smiled and said, "Mr. President, your tuna specialty should be on the market in half a month. Please take note."

Wahaha, half a year in the game really passed in the blink of an eye! Da Fei laughed and said, "Alright, thank you for taking care of me, Mr. Manager!"

"Then, I'll take my leave too!"

"Take care! Take care!"

I've accomplished another big thing. Next, of course, I'll attend the banquet. Then, I'll go to the Druid Guild to see that Druid of the Storm. Oh right, I also have to pay a visit to that Gilion of the Ranger Guild. I haven't returned my Blood Eagle Flute. How to surpass the God-level Reconnaissance Skill will depend on whether he has a way. Then, I'll go to St. Paul's Harbor to look for the Maker's Mission. Then, I'll rest for a while and wait for the afternoon match. Sigh, Brother, I'm so busy!

When Da Fei left the trading center, Dawei Xiao Jian and the other two were waiting respectfully outside.

Seeing Da Fei come out, the soldier rushed forward and said, "Reporting to Big Brother, all the goods have been unloaded. Please give me your instructions!"

Instructions my ass! Can't I say something in the message? Da Fei laughed. "Come, let's trade! 100,000 each!"

The soldier said in surprise, "100,000?"

Da Fei sighed and said, "The Chamber of Commerce has too many places to use money now. This 100,000 is just a small amount. You guys can use it as a start-up capital. I'll leave Octopus to you. Anyway, let's take it slow."

The soldier said, "Brother Fei, I think it's time to open up the Chamber of Commerce. We can't let those people run for nothing."

The so-called commission from the Chamber of Commerce referred to the fact that a portion of the profits from the members of the Chamber of Commerce had to be turned over to the Chamber of Commerce to serve as the Chamber of Commerce's funds. Currently, the commission from the Dragon Knight Merchant Association was 0.

If the Chamber of Commerce wanted to invest in the kingdom or upgrade the skills of the Chamber of Commerce, they had to use the Chamber of Commerce's funds. The flow of the Chamber of Commerce's funds came from the accounts, so the guild leader could not suggest using it himself. The Chamber of Commerce's funds had to be obtained by merchants, or by completing missions entrusted by the Chamber of Commerce. The guild leader could not inject his personal funds into the Chamber of Commerce as the Chamber of Commerce's funds. In other words, even if a rich player guild leader had hundreds of millions of gold coins in his pocket, he could not turn it into the Chamber of Commerce's funds.

In short, the Chamber of Commerce's funds were the symbol of the Chamber of Commerce's strength. The higher the Chamber of Commerce's funds, the more missions they could receive.

Now, Da Fei's brows twitched slightly when he heard the soldier's request for a commission. He shook his head lightly. "The suggestion is not bad, but I have my own plans. Anyway, it's more important for you to develop yourselves first. Otherwise, you won't be able to keep up with my pace."

Brother Fei was indeed unfathomable! The soldier was stunned and could only say, "Alright, we will immediately accept the mission and go out to sea!"

What was Da Fei's plan? Bullshit! He was so busy that he had never thought of this problem. However, as the boss, he would do whatever his subordinate said. Wouldn't that be embarrassing? He wanted his subordinate to think that he was unfathomable!