Chapter 282: A Useful Leviathan Egg

Of course, the onlookers were not here to watch Da Fei show off his "national secrets". Seeing that they could not understand what was going on, most of the boos dispersed, and a small portion still followed the paparazzi. However, even the small portion had tens or hundreds of people. Da Fei began to tire of it.

Being a celebrity was really tiring. Da Fei said to the three soldiers, "Go to the dock and supervise the unloading of the goods. I'll go to the capital to do something."

The soldier immediately understood. "Brother Fei, take your time. Leave this to us. We won't let anyone take advantage of this."

Da Fei nodded in satisfaction. "Alright, I'm leaving."

As for how to deal with this batch of goods, Da Fei had already made plans when he was at sea. He would let Deirdre sell all of them and let her consume tens of millions of EXP alone! This method of leveling up the sub-hero was the legendary "special treatment".

Da Fei went straight to the Teleportation Formation and teleported to the capital, Faloran City. The scene changed, and Da Fei suddenly realized that he had left in a hurry. He had actually forgotten to leave Serbia and the other sub-heroes at Erolyn. Damn, this would cost nearly a thousand more teleportation fees—Hm? Wait? Where's Katerina? Why didn't she follow him?

Was the Barren Island incident about to trigger a plot?

At this moment, the players who saw Da Fei appear in the Teleportation Portal started to gather around him. In the online society, information spread very quickly. Without thinking too much, Da Fei could only go straight to the Teleportation Portal in the World Tree Square.

Seeing Da Fei appear, the guards guarding the teleportation array bowed and said, "Mr. Da Fei, may I know what you are here for?"

Isn't that obvious? Da Fei found the option to teleport to the City of Light and chose! Humph, this is a teleportation location that only I can use!

Hence, with a flash of green light, the scene darkened and Da Fei appeared underground.

It had been nearly four months since they last saw each other, and the entire City of Light had changed drastically. The once bald island in the lake had turned into a stone city. Of course, it was only a stone city. Other than the watchtowers on the walls of the island, there were only two houses on the entire island. It was empty. The city wall of the lake outside the island had been repaired, and SV Fly, which had not been seen for a long time, was quietly parked on the dock outside the wall.

SV Fly! My dearest Deirdre! Da Fei could not help but feel excited.

At this moment, a group of NPC officers walked out of the two houses. They were Da Fei's Kingdom Consultants.

"Mr. City Lord, welcome back!"

Da Fei hurriedly greeted them. "Hello, everyone! Hello, everyone! It's been hard on everyone during my absence!"

The economic consultant said, "Reporting to the City Lord, the initial construction of the City of Light has been completed. We have used the kingdom's budget of 4.4.5 million gold coins. This budget will require you to slowly repay it."

Da Fei nodded. Only 4,450,000? It's nothing compared to my income of nearly 100 million!

The demographic consultant said, “Mr. City Lord, the World Tree is still in hibernation. Before the pollution in the Pond of Light is restored, all the Flower Goblin battalions are still unable to produce population.”

Da Fei said in surprise, "It's been four months. Has the purification of the Pool of Light improved?"

The city's environmental consultant sighed. "It's slower. After all, the original plan was to improve in a few years."

Da Fei frowned. If that was the case, when would SV Fly stand out?

The military advisor said seriously, "Mr. Castellan, the demons are gathering at the edge of the Pond of Light again and rebuilding the Lava Workshop. Although there are no signs of attacking the city, our World Tree is in hibernation and no longer has any barrier. We have to upgrade the military teleportation array as soon as possible. It requires about 10 million gold coins to upgrade the military teleportation array. We have to implement this money as soon as possible. Otherwise, once the war becomes too tense and the situation spirals out of control, the kingdom will judge that you don't have the ability to manage your territory and will take back the territory of the City of Light. At that time, your city-building mission will fail and you will lose your rights as a feudal lord!"

Da Fei's heart tightened. He quickly said, "No problem. Money is not a problem. I have a lot of money coming back this time!"

The economic consultant smiled bitterly and said, "As long as you have money, everything is fine. The main thing is that the kingdom has spent its budget on the New World, and there's really no way to subsidize more. We can only rely on Mr. Lord to raise money."

Tsk! It's just 10 million gold coins. Are you trying to scare me to death? Compared to my income of nearly 100 million—F*ck! This is akin to cutting off one of my fingers! This is only talking about the upgrade fee, not the usage fee!

The more Da Fei thought about it, the more his balls ached. He asked again, "After I upgrade the teleportation array, the kingdom will send troops to protect me, right? I don't have any soldiers!"

The military advisor smiled and said, "Of course, the kingdom will do its best to send troops. After all, this is the kingdom's territory."

The economic consultant said, "However, I suggest that you defend yourself if you can. The military expenditure for the Kingdom's garrison is also borne by you. The price is only slightly cheaper than that of the mercenaries. In fact, the 50 experience tree demons that were forcibly teleported from the Kingdom previously cost 5,000 gold coins per day. This debt is still under your tab. Hence, the total debt in the City of Light now is 5,000,000 gold coins!"

— Pfft! Da Fei spat out a mouthful of blood! 5,000 a day, 500,000 gold coins for 4 months and 100 days! If it was a normal player, they would definitely fail! The problem was, this was forcibly teleported by the kingdom, okay? It was forced buying and selling! But then again, those Tree Demons were elites that could not be bought with money! The kingdom was actually quite loyal? If these Tree Demons were the elites among the Level 6 troops, then their combat power would be extremely impressive when combined with his vast number of Flower Demons. He was really willing to spend this money! Ordinary ballers could not be invited even if they wanted to.

Da Fei hurriedly asked, "What about these Tree Demons? Has the kingdom retreated?"

The military advisor smiled and said, "Without the Teleportation Array, we can't retreat. Anyway, these Tree Demons will be paid for staying here for a day. In order to not let them be idle, we teleported them into the Naasir Ancient Tree Space in batches. Didn't Sir say that the Naasir Ancient Tree's remains were in the Ancient Tree Space? The few adults from the Ministry of Construction have already gone over to work and are trying to think of a way to transport the remains over."

Da Fei instantly felt respect for them. "I only mentioned it casually back then. I didn't expect you all to really take it to heart?"

The consultants laughed and said, "Anyway, the project here will be completed in three months. Everyone will think of something to do and save some money for Sir!"

Dafei was touched and said, "Everyone is really too professional. It's great to have your support. Please take care of me in the future!"

The consultants smiled and said, "We're all doing this for the kingdom!"

Da Fei thought of something and took out the biggest reward from the North Pole—Leviathan's egg!

The consultants were shocked. "This is?"

Da Fei laughed and said, "This is the egg of the legendary level-eight creature, Leviathan. It's said that its incubation requires a pool filled with energy, and our pool of light is filled with light energy. Therefore, I have an idea. Once the egg hatches in the lake, it will be a great help to our defense!"

“A rank 8 creature?” The consultants clicked their tongues in amazement as they began to circle around the huge black egg.

Dafei smiled and asked, "What does everyone think?"

The military advisor shook his head and sighed. "Since it's the Lord's wish, of course we should support it. However, this egg seems wild. Once it hatches, it's hard to say whether it's friend or foe!"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. That's right, this egg is a red name! The reason it's a red name is because the way I obtained it back then was obviously not complete! If it still has a red name when it hatches, wouldn't I be lying?

Da Fei asked anxiously, "Is there any way to tame it?"

The consultants fell silent.

Finally, the consultant sighed and said, "Legend has it that Leviathan is a violent fire-breathing beast in the sea. It has the three attributes of fire, water, and earth, and is known as the demon in the sea. I find it hard to believe that it will absorb the light energy of the Pool of Light to grow."

Da Fei was stunned. "You mean it won't hatch here?"

The advisor shook his head and sighed. "This egg doesn't look like a light creature at all. I'm not optimistic about it."

The city's environmental consultant laughed and said, "We'll know if it works or not after we give it a try. In my opinion, it might be better if it's not a light creature! It might even have great uses! Let's do an experiment! Sir City Lord, please soak the egg in the lake!"

Oh? Great use? Da Fei said happily, "Okay! I'll give it a try!"

Everyone clustered around Da Fei as he walked out of the city gate and came to the dock. Da Fei soaked the egg in the water. The officers were either squatting or lying down, staring intently at the water.

Of course, Da Fei could not figure out what was going on. He did not even dare to breathe loudly as he waited for the results. After a while, a small bubble was attached to the black eggshell.

The consultants were in an uproar!

Da Fei hurriedly asked, "How is it? How is it?"

The environmental consultant was overjoyed and said, "Congratulations, Mr. Lord! This egg may not be able to absorb the light energy in the pool for the time being, but it is indeed hungry for the dark energy that pollutes the pool of light. In other words, this is a very magical water purifier. With it, the purification of the pool of light will be greatly advanced!"

Da Fei was enlightened. "So this is the use!" He was overjoyed. "Good! Let it help to cleanse the Pool of Light!"

The military advisor asked, "But we can't tame this egg for the time being. If we want to hatch it, we should leave it in the water outside the city wall. This way, once it loses control in the future, it won't be a threat to our city."

Dafei nodded. "That makes sense!"

The military advisor smiled. "Given how brutal Leviathan is, as long as he can't pose a threat to us, he will naturally seek trouble with the demons on the lakeshore. This will indirectly help us defend!"

Da Fei smiled bitterly and said, "I hope so, but I still hope to tame it."

All the consultants said, "Let's get through this difficult situation first. We'll think about the future at length."

Dafei sighed and said, "That's the only way."

Hence, with the accompaniment of all the consultants, Da Fei rode a light boat out of the city wall and placed the precious egg at the bottom of the Lake of Light. In short, he got rid of some worries.