Chapter 297: The Strongest Amateur Player In The World

Junwen

Why were there so many guilds with different benefits in the game? It was because it was easier to organize and manage players. In other words, compared to guild players, individual players without guilds were the hardest to manage.

Normal players were like the peasant rebel army. When the situation was good, there was a lot of power to blindly follow and move. However, once they suffered a setback, their minds would immediately become disorganized and their personal interests would collapse.

Therefore, when Da Fei's Berserk Thunder did not kill them but instead sent out a heaven-defying sub-hero to attack them from behind, the royal family's temporary group's morale immediately fell apart. The players even started to kill solo players from the opposing camp!

That's right. At this moment, everyone only wanted to send Da Fei away with ten heads or collect as many heads as possible and leave the game as soon as possible.

The formation surrounding Da Fei started to become chaotic. There was no longer any suspense in such a good situation. Da Fei laughed loudly and took the initiative to attack. Wherever his weapons went, he would flee. The siege formation instantly collapsed.

It had to be said that Blade of the Royal Family had done a good job. His standard of Mandarin, which was similar to a news broadcaster's, had greatly increased his organization's persuasive power. One could see how important a standard of Mandarin was. However, there were some things that could not be helped. His opponent was too powerful.

No matter what, although they did not manage to kill Da Fei in the end, the Royal Guild did seize this precious opportunity to instantly expand the guild's reputation. It could be considered a small gain.

• • •

— System Message: Congratulations! You have successfully obtained 10 victories and obtained the right to participate in the China region's qualifiers. Please take note of the official website regarding the International qualifiers. Thank you for participating. I wish you happiness in the game!

The scene changed and Da Fei returned to the vast North Sea. At this time, Da Fei was still not satisfied. He could not help but laugh out loud.

Awesome! The killing just now was really awesome! In fact, when ordinary players deliberately avoided Da Fei, it was never easy for Da Fei to collect 10 heads. Just now, Da Fei killed his way from the forest south road to the forest north road, then from the forest north road to the forest south road. He killed many players' troops back and forth. He killed so many corpses that he did not even bat an eyelid. He did not know how many players benefited from killing him. Finally, he caught the players who really had no way to run and finally made it out of the game.

Do my parents know that I'm so awesome? Haha, wahahaha!

The focus of the first day of the Hero PvP match was destined to be the China region, and the China region's match was destined to be focused on Arena 67!

• • •

— "Hello everyone, now it's Hero News broadcasting the tournament's qualifying match for everyone. Currently, according to the official information obtained, there are nearly 200,000 players participating in the first batch of participants. These 200,000 players were randomly assigned to 400 different terrain venues for survival PvP matches, and 500 players have successfully qualified. Players in the queue, please calm down and wait, and make sufficient preparations. Now, we have invited Star Guild's Jiang Da to explain the tournament's situation to everyone. Captain Jiang, hello, welcome to our livestream room in your busy schedule."

Captain Jiang smiled and said, "Hello, host! Hello, everyone. No matter how busy you are, it's not as important as meeting up with your friends. I'm very happy to see you all again."

The host smiled and said, "Then is Captain Jiang busy preparing for the competition?"

Captain Jiang smiled and said, "This is the first time since Hero Genesis officially opened the server that we have a precious opportunity to figure out the strength of our domestic and international players. No matter what, Stars Guild will not miss this opportunity. However, due to the traffic congestion, our guild's players did not participate in the competition immediately."

The host smiled and said, "At the same time, we can observe the situation of the previous batches of competitions and plan before making a move?"

Captain Jiang smiled and said, "I believe that no professional team in the world would be able to go up first."

The host smiled and said, "As expected of a professional guild, it's very reliable. Just now, Merika's New York Hero, Genesis United Headquarters, paid attention to a very special match in the China server. That is, the Chinese region's famous Ren Dafei is participating in a special match in Arena 67. Of course, now that the patch has been upgraded online, we can't see the number of the match anymore. Da Fei displayed astonishing combat power during the match. Now, please look at the video clip provided by many participating players. Please look at the big screen—"

At this moment, all the hundreds of thousands of players in the queue in China, all the foreign media who were paying attention to the Chinese server, all the professional teams and players who were paying attention to the Chinese server, all turned their attention to the Hero News program in the Chinese server! Without a doubt, Da Fei's outstanding performance once again shocked all the players in the world!

The video ended.

Host: "Captain Jiang, regarding this Dafei's performance, what are your comments?"

Captain Jiang clapped his hands and sighed. "Crush! Absolute crushing of military strength! This is the advantage of having more sub-heroes leading troops. Currently, players generally follow the experience of the open beta, and without sub-heroes aiming for Level 50 with New World as the goal, he can recruit four sub-heroes in a row, and his level is actually not very far behind the mainstream players. This courage and achievement is commendable."

Host: "The gamers are very interested in his army. What is it?"

Captain Jiang nodded. "His group of long-range flying troops is the Elf Tribe's special Flower Goblin, Level 4 Forest Goddess. This should be the reward for him participating in the Pool of Light mission. What's even more terrifying is his flying Banshee Hero. If I'm not wrong, she's the extremely valuable Banshee Hero that caused intense competition between the Japanese and Indian districts during the Pool of Light war. Now, I can only be thankful that such a powerful flying hero did not fall into the hands of the foreign districts. Otherwise, the situation of our Chinese district war would be uncertain!"

In fact, if Bu Feiyan and Da Fei had not bumped into each other during the mission, Captain Jiang would not have known what kind of soldier Da Fei's Forest Goddess was. Fortunately, he knew now and did not embarrass himself in front of the entire world.

The host exclaimed, "So the flower demon also has the form of a Rank 4 soldier. That's unbelievable. However, flying heroes are very rare. Can Captain Jiang analyze the advantages and disadvantages of flying heroes?"

Captain Jiang sighed and said, "Of course, a flying hero has to bring a high-speed flying soldier to unleash the advantage of mobile guerrilla warfare. Currently, among the various races, the Undead race is known to be the strongest in attacking cities because they have three flying soldiers. They are Level 3 Spirit Soldier, Level 4 Vampire Soldier, and Level 7 Bone Dragon Soldier. There's no need to count on slow-speed floating spirits. Vampires are the race with the greatest potential to develop flying heroes. As for Level 7 Soldier Ghost Dragon, there were foreign players who tried to develop the Bone Dragon Knight profession during the open beta period. In short, the Undead should be the race with the highest chance of producing flying heroes."

Host: "However, if a flying unit is hit remotely while flying, it will receive additional damage. This is the disadvantage of flying heroes and flying units, right?"

Captain Jiang smiled and said, "That's right. Just like how ground creatures will reduce their attributes greatly when they enter the water, although flying soldiers are not easily hit, once they are hit, they will receive a large amount of additional damage. At the same time, other than level-seven soldiers, flying troops generally have low defense and low HP. The requirement for operation is also quite high, so there are ways to restrain flying heroes. This will depend on the standard of both parties."

The host smiled and said, "In Captain Jiang's opinion, what level is this Dafei at?"

Captain Jiang smiled and sighed. "With his current level, there's no doubt that he can crush professional gamers like us at this stage. There's no need for him to be skilled anymore. Also, did the host notice that this Da Fei is still a newcomer?"

The host said in shock, "That's right. If a newbie is already so powerful, what would happen if he changed his job? Could it be that he's holding back a big move?"

Captain Jiang smiled and said, "Of course. Anyway, with Da Fei's current strength, even professional players have to be 70% afraid of him. I think to him, discussing tactics are meaningless."

The host couldn't help but praise. "I didn't expect Captain Jiang to give such a high evaluation of an amateur player. I'm afraid this World Cup won't be a stage for professional players anymore."

Captain Jiang smiled. "His evaluation isn't high enough. Actually, I personally think he's the strongest amateur player in the world."

The host exclaimed, "The world's strongest amateur player! Does Captain Jiang think he will win?"

Captain Jiang smiled and said, "The world is unpredictable, but it's not strange even if he wins!"

Hence, on this day, Dafei from the China server gained another title that the entire world had to acknowledge—The strongest amateur player in the world!

• • •

After the video interview ended, the team behind Captain Jiang was in an uproar. Stars Guild Leader Aeon Star could no longer remain calm. He coughed dryly and asked, "Captain Jiang, this interview doesn't fit your style at all. Aren't you exaggerating Da Fei's strength? At least I have at least three plans to deal with him."

Captain Jiang smiled bitterly and said, "It's better to exaggerate a little. This competition only has a reward of one million yuan. The top professional teams won't take a liking to it and might not participate in the competition. However, if a peerless expert suddenly appears in our China region, those top teams will be more or less unable to sit still and will gather their elites."

Stars Guild's leader finally understood. "So Captain Jiang is luring the snake out of its hole!"

Captain Jiang smiled and said, "That's right. We'll take this opportunity to see if there's any difference between us and the top foreign teams. Oh right, President, pay attention to the one who is constantly bombarding Da Fei in the video. That's the real talent. We must find a way to recruit him."

The Aeon Star nodded. "That's right. Although Da Fei was used as a foil when he wasn't killed in half a day, only a few people can continuously release so much lightning."

Captain Jiang sighed. "By the way, the world has entered the era of flying heroes. Let's not talk about the vampires in France. The Dragon Slayer will definitely be very excited. We have to make Pigwidgeon run faster and upgrade from a Griffin Breeder to a Griffin Knight."

The Aeon Star sighed and said, "Some things can't be forced. How can he not be anxious…”

[spoiler title = '759 Teaser']