Chapter 290: Blood Eagle'S Birth

Reduce 100 health points to raise a Reconnaissance Eagle? Da Fei felt a strong sense of fraud!

To the commander-in-chief hero, what was the most important attribute? It was not offense, defense, magic, or command, but life! Even though the commander-in-chief had thousands of troops and thousands of soldiers, their attack and defense were heaven-defying. Once the commander-in-chief's head was beheaded, the huge army would instantly collapse! The hero was the core of the army, and also the weakest link.

Compared to other attributes, the way to obtain life was limited and difficult. It was nothing more than equipment, upgrades, and achievements. However, upgrades could only provide a pitiful 2 points. Equipment that added life did not necessarily add other strategic attributes. As for achievements, most players were on the path of obtaining achievements. Of course, there was also the Book of Life that was sold at an astronomical price.

Da Fei defeated Demigod Achievement through various glorious battles. He earned 356 HP in total and reached the level of a Level 7 soldier. Compared to ordinary players, he was doing quite well. Once he lost 100 HP, it meant that Da Fei was on the same level as normal players again. This made Da Fei feel very insecure. After all, during the Kingdom War, Da Fei had also seen the power of a hacker hero like SawSaw.

Gilion continued, "Although you paid a high price, you still have a huge advantage. This reconnaissance eagle will become your summoned beast. It won't really die. It will share its vision with you, and you won't have to wait for it to fly back to report. It will grow as you grow, and it can even become one of your combat abilities!"

Da Fei was stunned. "Summoned beasts? They can help me fight?"

Gillion nodded solemnly. “So? Want to try?”

Holy f*ck! Is this the enhanced version of the Blood Eagle Flute? I've already come this far, do I still have a chance to reject it? So what if I have a God-grade Reconnaissance Skill? I'm still not as far-sighted as Dwarf Eagle!

Dafei made up his mind. "Teacher, I want to learn!"

Gilion nodded in satisfaction. "Very good! In that case, you can be considered my true disciple! I'll return this Blood Eagle Flute to you! Hold tight with your left hand!"

Oh yeah! My baby, you're back again. Wahahaha!

Gilion took out a shiny silver knife and grabbed Da Fei's wrist. "Now, I'm going to cut open the vein on your left hand and let you bleed. Are you ready?"

What the heck! Is this the rhythm of cutting one's wrist or something? Fortunately, this is a game. Otherwise, I wouldn't do it even if I were beaten to death! Da Fei clenched the blood flute tightly and gritted his teeth. "I'm ready! However, why are we cutting veins? Aren't we usually cutting arteries?"

Gilion was surprised. "So you want to see the fountain. Alright, I'll satisfy you!"

Dafei said anxiously, "Let's just focus on the vein!"

"Then don't move!"

The saber flashed, and the blood on Da Fei's wrist flowed into the Blood Eagle Flute in his hand. At the same time, Gilion grabbed Da Fei's palm and exerted strength. A faint green light enveloped the Blood Eagle Flute. As the blood flowed, Da Fei's health points decreased continuously!

Suddenly, Gilion exclaimed in surprise, "You seem to have more health points? Why don't you add more to the effect of summoning the eagle?"

— Puah! Da Fei spat out his uncle! Da Fei anxiously said, "Didn't you say 100 health points?"

Gilion nodded. "That's only for normal people, but you're clearly abnormal!"

Dafei asked anxiously, "Then what effect would it have on a normal person?"

Gilrien shook his head. "This is my research idea all these years, and I've never tried it on a normal person. You're the first! I thank you!"

— Pfft! I'm actually the first one! You f*cker! Da Fei spat out his second uncle. "Will there be a problem?"

Gilrien said solemnly, "Considering the absorption effect of the Blood Eagle Flute, as well as the conversion rate of our bloodlines, the more blood we release, the less problems there will be. As I see it, we'll definitely succeed at 200 points! And we'll create a miracle!"

Dafei said in surprise, "What miracle?"

Gilion said solemnly, "Under normal circumstances, a Blood Eagle with 100 HP is not much stronger than a normal reconnaissance eagle, but 200 HP means that it is definitely an elite. It is even possible for it to grow into a leader-type Blood Eagle. Its combat ability and endurance have been greatly improved. Not only can it ensure its own survival ability, it can also sustain reconnaissance ability, and it can directly kill weaker enemies that it discovers. There is no need for you to rush over personally. In guerrilla warfare, the difference between the two is a qualitative leap!"

— System Message: Your ranger mentor realized that you are talented and requested to be groomed. Do you choose to tame an elite reconnaissance eagle?

— Pfft! Da Fei's words confused him! Damn it, why didn't you say so earlier! Are you purposely tricking me? That's right, although we are master and disciple, our friendship level is 0. It might even be negative. You're tricking me like a lab rat!

Da Fei was so conflicted that he wanted to vomit blood! He could bear losing 100 HP, but he was still slightly stronger than normal players. However, losing 200 HP was completely unacceptable! However, who was he? An expert! Wasn't it just blood? Wasn't it just killing a few more Demigods in a few glorious battles? Wasn't it just buying a set of bloody clothes? He should have changed his pirate skin a long time ago!

The key was whether the quality-price ratio of this elite reconnaissance eagle was worth it. The last time the Dwarf reconnaissance eagle reconnaissance Leviathan, the eagle did not return. At the end of the day, this was the reason why the reconnaissance eagle's survival ability was weak. If at a critical moment, the eagle did not return and blind the eyes and ears, this would affect the survival of the entire army! Furthermore, with this global eagle and predator drone, it was equivalent to having the map fully opened, and he could predict the enemy's every move. If the American Emperor did not get involved in the war, the enemy would not be able to find him, and he would not even be able to injure a single hair on his body. How much would it affect if he lost 200 HP?

It was decided. As an expert, if he wanted to learn, he would learn the most awesome skill!

Dafei clenched his teeth and said, "Yes!"

Gilion's brows twitched, and he couldn't help but let out a long sigh. "I finally understand why the mayor is willing to stake everything on a newcomer like you! I have to say, you're very courageous. In that case, I'll have to give it my all. Let's begin!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Gilion tightened his grip on Da Fei's wrist. The faint green light turned into a dazzling gold-green color! Such a bright and imposing light instantly made Da Fei feel much more at ease. He also felt that this blood release was worth it! However, he suddenly mentioned the mayor? Why did he say that the mayor was staking everything on this?

Da Fei did not think too much about it. At this moment, Da Fei's health bar dropped rapidly, causing his eyebrows to jump. Although he was playing a game, Da Fei could feel his arms turning cold! No, his heart turned cold! He only hoped that he would not be cheated by paying such a huge price to obtain the Reconnaissance Eagle!

Finally, Da Fei's health bar dropped slower and finally stopped at 156 points of health. Then, the Blood Eagle Flute emitted a dazzling blood light!

— System Message: Congratulations! You have trained an elite Reconnaissance Spirit Eagle. You have obtained the personal Sentinel Job Item, Reconnaissance Spirit Eagle Flute!

— Reconnaissance Spirit Eagle Flute: Special tool for Sentinel jobs. It can summon a Reconnaissance Spirit Eagle! When the Spirit Eagle's stamina is exhausted, it will automatically deactivate its Reconnaissance State and return to the Spirit Eagle Flute. Special skill: Blood Sacrifice.

— Growth Reconnaissance Spirit Eagle (Unnamed): Miniature Spirit Body Elite Creature, Attack: 4, Defense: 0, Damage: 1-2, Health: 3, Command Value: 0, Attack Speed: 15, Stamina: 30. Special Skill: Flying Creature, God-level Reconnaissance Skill, Dimensional Surveillance.

• • •

Da Fei hurriedly checked the Spirit Eagle's attributes and was shocked!

This is my elite Spirit Eagle? Planar surveillance? Like a ghost monitoring the current space in another space? Isn't this the effect of the Blood Eagle Flute? However, the difference is that it can suddenly jump out and hit people like a ghost! It is indeed an enhanced version of the Blood Eagle Flute. Once it becomes strong, it can really kill people from a thousand meters away!

"How is it? Did it succeed?" Gilion couldn't wait to snatch the brand new Blood Eagle Flute and take a look. He laughed loudly and said, "Success! Just like my theory, I finally succeeded!"

Da Fei couldn't help but say happily, "Mentor, is this Spirit Eagle an Elite?" What the heck! Isn't it obvious that its attributes are marked with Elite creatures? Isn't this name the same as the Banshee that I caught in kindergarten? However, asking the obvious at this time is more romantic! I want to hear the NPC's opinion!

Giline laughed and said, "Why? Is there a need to doubt it? This Spirit Hawk's attributes have already reached the level of a Level 1 soldier, and a Level 1 soldier is the adult combat strength of a race! This is just a small-sized eagle, and its combat strength is already the same as an adult's. Just think about it, it's so unbelievable. It's just like hearing that an eagle can take away a sheep. And this Spirit Hawk can continue to grow, and its skills will continue to increase. Even if it grows into a leader creature in the future, it's not strange. Anyway, I'm looking forward to its growth. If you encounter any problems, feel free to ask me!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Mentor, how am I going to let this Spirit Eagle grow?" What the heck! Isn't that obvious! Of course, I'm going to let it kill monsters non-stop just like how I trained the Cannon Emperor!

Gilion was in a good mood. Deception said, "Did you see the special skill Blood Sacrifice on the Spirit Eagle Flute? If you have extra health in the future, you can continue to reduce your maximum health to feed it. This is the fastest way to grow!”

F*ck, this is the worst way to grow! I will never use it!

Gilion said seriously, "But you must be careful. If you want to nurture it through battle, try not to let the Blood Eagle die. Every death will cause the Blood Eagle's vitality to dissipate, and it will definitely affect its future growth!"

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. There was such a flaw? However, it did not matter. His skill and equipment were all for the purpose of bringing low-level Flower Demon Soldiers. Even if this Spirit Eagle's current attributes were that of a Flower Demon, it had already been reborn under his terrifying Attack, Blood, and Defense. What he needed was a place where it could level up.

As for now, of course I'll give it a name. I'll call it "Xiao Fei". Wahahaha! I'm so talented in naming!