Chapter 298: A New "Friend"

Da Fei's fleet rushed out of the blue light screen around the island. The gray sky and the dark sea came into view.

— System Message: You discovered Fatalon while exploring the sea before your predecessors arrived. You received additional exploration experience + 200,000!

Da Fei looked back and saw that Fatalon was enveloped by a semi-circle dark screen. A faint white light pillar shot up into the sky from the dark screen and into the dark sky of the Underworld.

It really has the aura of a small paradise on the Dark Sea! Just based on this aura, I'll build a base here!

Da Fei opened the sea map. There was finally a bright spot on the pitch-black sea map. Fatalon's location seemed to be further away from Miracle Island. There was nothing else to say. Now that the ship had been repaired, all of them had to stay alert and advance at full speed!

Not long after, Da Fei's message sounded.

Oh? In this lonely sea of the Underworld, a goddess came from afar. What a joy! Da Fei hurriedly opened the message and took a look. What the f*ck, an invincible soldier! What a disappointment.

"Brother Fei, is Eastern Sword your friend?"

Da Fei was stunned. Eastern Sword? Wasn't he killed by him during the competition two days ago? Could it be that he was targeted by his enemies in the royal family's group chat?

Dafei asked, "What's the matter?"

The soldier hurriedly said, "This Yi Donglai is working in Erolyn. Blood Sea Studio heard that he is related to Big Brother and is looking for trouble with him."

Da Fei frowned. Trouble him? Da Fei hurriedly asked, "Did Blood Sea Studio cause any trouble for you?"

The soldier laughed. "We've been looking for him for a long time. We're always looking at each other in the city! But don't worry, Big Brother. We're very strong-willed. We didn't lose face for Big Brother! We can deal with this trivial matter. We won't trouble Big Brother to let you know."

Oh, it couldn't be that he was saying, "If you dare to touch me, our Big Brother will do anything to you, right?" What the heck! This was what he hated the most when he wasn't the president back then. When he met such lackeys, he would directly chop them to death! But now that he was the president, he loved hearing such words! This person really changed as soon as he became an official. Wahahaha!

Da Fei smiled and asked, "Then, what did that Sword from the East say?"

The soldier sighed. "He's too crafty! When he was surrounded, he only said one thing. So what if I know him or not? Am I afraid of you? That's why I came over to ask Brother Fei what's going on."

Da Fei laughed out loud! Why was he so awesome? But it made sense. He had fought him in the preliminaries. If it weren't for his godly Reconnaissance Skill being better, he might have lost to him. He could be considered a top expert in the entire China server, right? No matter what game he played, this kind of ambush-type expert was the most dangerous. Even if he didn't want to be friends with him, at least he shouldn't be enemies with him.

Moreover, the enemy of an enemy usually has a high chance of becoming friends, right? That's good too. Being able to meet him is also considered ape dung. I especially believe in ape dung now.

Da Fei said proudly, "If there's any trouble that he can't handle, take care of him. If the sky falls, I'll hold it up. Can you protect him?"

After joining the guild for so many days, he was finally used by Brother Fei! The soldier was ecstatic. "Brother Fei is already the number one amateur in the world. As long as Brother Fei is behind me, I dare to stab him even if he's a god!"

Damn, what a standard lackey. I like him! Da Fei laughed and said, "Alright, don't say anything when the time comes. Just say that I like him."

"Understood!"

• • •

Every youth had a heart that yearned to become famous, but most of them had fallen on the path to fame.

For the past two days, Sword from the East was confused. He was originally full of confidence and wanted to make a name for himself in the preliminaries. Unfortunately, he met Da Fei. What was even more unfortunate was that his results were 0.

Then, he watched Da Fei's video unwillingly. Then, he realized how big the gap between him and Da Fei was. Could he behead a person who was chased by Wild Thunder and did not die even after being attacked by hundreds of people? Perhaps he could, but it was infinitely unlikely.

Not only that, he realized that not only was he not Da Fei's match, but he might not even be the opponent of the player who kept blasting away at Da Fei without dying. In the past two days of the qualifiers, there had been many experts in the China server. Every expert was not someone he could deal with. Perhaps, to a player like him who had deleted his account and started over again, losing a precious opportunity was a gap that could not be bridged.

Sword of Eastern Emergence began to feel restless, beginning to waver in his own path of leveling up.

"Our society strongly advocates success, but the reality we face is how we should face failure. Clearly, Yi Donglai doesn't know how to face failure. He becomes dejected, impatient, and easily angered!

Just as he was thinking about what to do next, a few players with unfriendly tones came over to find trouble. "You're Eastern Sword? Are you Da Fei's friend?"

Yi Jian Donglai was already in a bad mood, and he was even more upset when he heard Da Fei's name! F*ck off! I'm a nobody, which dog of yours associated me with Da Fei? Ah, wait! Could it be Da Fei's enemy is here to find trouble?

Alright! I hate Da Fei for not having enough enemies, for not being arrogant enough! I can't lower my status and run connections, but it's too easy for me to offend people. Then, I'll offend a few more people for Da Fei.

Yi Donglai said coldly, "None of your business!"

The players' expressions changed, and they shouted, "We're asking if you know Da Fei!"

'I know him! I know this account! But do I know him? Does he know me?' Every youth had their own pride. Even if they wanted to pretend to be his friend and ruin his reputation, Yi Jian Donglai didn't want to admit it so shamelessly. Therefore, the best way was to not admit or deny it and let them misunderstand.

Yi Donglai cast a sidelong glance at everyone and said arrogantly, "So what if I know you? Do you think I'm afraid of you? Who do you think you are?"

F*ck! That's too arrogant! The surrounding players were in an uproar. The few players who asked the question said with a gloomy expression, "We're from Blood Sea Studio. We want the whole server to arrest the traitor, the traitor, and the liar, Da Fei. Don't have anything to do with Da Fei. Otherwise, I'll kill you until you're level 0 and those bastards won't dare to leave the city!"

Sword from the East laughed wildly. "So what if it's related? If you have the guts, why don't you cut me down in the city? You don't dare, do you? Blood Sea Studio is nothing!"

The players were furious. "You don't want to stay in this city anymore!"

Eastern Sword pointed at the players' noses and laughed loudly. "I thought your Hairy Ball Studio would let me stay in the China server? Blood Sea Studio. If I call you Hairy Ball Studio, do you dare to agree?"

The surrounding players laughed.

"Who the f*ck dares to laugh!" The Blood Sea players angrily swept their eyes across the crowd. "You don't want to stay in the city anymore, right? If you don't want to, you can scram. There are plenty of maps for leveling up and killing monsters, but there's only one city that can run specialties and transport long distances!"

At this moment, a burst of laughter could be heard from outside the crowd. "Yi Jian Donglai, if you have the guts, why don't you call Blood Sea ChestHair Studio again?"

Everyone could not help but look out of the crowd in shock. It was indeed the two lackeys of Da Fei Merchant Association, the Invincible Armament Soldier. Invincible Big Brother!

Of course, Yi Jian Donglai did not know who it was, nor did he care who it was. He was eager for the matter to blow up, so he blurted out without thinking, "Blood Sea Studio, do you dare to accept my call?"

The invincible soldier laughed maniacally. "I'll agree on their behalf! Blood Sea Studio is awesome! Not even awesome!"

Yi Jian Donglai could not help but be stunned. Meanwhile, those Blood Sea players shouted angrily, "The bastard who doesn't dare to leave the city!"

The Invincible Armament Soldier smiled and said, "People from our Commerce Organization go out of the city every day to shop. No one can do anything to them, right?"

Of course, the soldier knew that those people were spies from Blood Sea Studio, so he used them to provoke him.

At that moment, another group of people arrived outside the crowd. The leader shouted, "Our Blood Sea Studio is clear about gratitude and grudges. We only kill lackeys, thieves, country thieves, scammers, and accomplices. We won't attack ordinary players."

Instantly, the crowd applauded. That person was of course one of the big shots of Blood Sea Studio, "The sky and the sea are one color".

The Invincible Armament Soldier smiled coldly. "Yo, the rich tycoon is so free even though he's cooped up in the city every day. Are you afraid that Brother Fei will kill you when you go out to sea? Don't worry, Brother Fei is very busy. He can't even be bothered to bombard the mosquitoes to deal with you."

Hai Tianyi said disdainfully, "I'm doing a Chamber of Commerce mission. What do you know?" Then, he smiled at the players around him and said, "No matter how famous some people are, trash is trash. There are also some people who think that they can do whatever they want just because they've climbed onto trash. This kind of lackey won't be able to be arrogant for long. Da Fei, this piece of trash, won't be able to run around for more than a few days. I'll announce it here. Everyone can go to the forum and post a thread to prove it. Alright, everyone, get back to work."

At once, the crowd dispersed.

Hai Tianyi didn't bother to look at the invincible soldier and left proudly.

That's right, Brother Tian had his own reasons for saying that. His reason was that Raging Sea of Blood had made progress in the Barren Islands.

Although the Barren Pirates had a new leader, they had suffered great losses in the civil war. Furthermore, Barak's injuries were not light and he needed to recuperate. He had basically lost the ability to hunt. The pirates had always respected strength. The other pirate forces that saw an opportunity were not satisfied with the dividends. They used the excuse of assisting in defense to prevent the kingdom from intervening and further increased their forces to enter the Barren Island. Their intention to annex the island was obvious. For a time, not only did the pirates in the Barren Islands not weaken, they even became stronger than before.

Raging Sea of Blood had indeed successfully formed an alliance with many forces. He had promised benefits that would cause the various forces to restrict each other and not pose a threat to the Barren Archipelago. It had to be said that this required impressive diplomatic skills. With his mouth alone, Raging Sea of Blood had successfully achieved this among the pirates who believed in strength!

Not only that, as the number two character, Raging Sea of Blood had even vaguely found a way to indirectly mobilize the other NPC pirate forces! That was to let the Kingdom's Brother Tian provide information on the NPC trade caravans, and then let Raging Sea of Blood pass the information to the various pirates to achieve his goal of killing them with a borrowed knife! If this continued to develop and accumulate pirate reputation, in time, Raging Sea of Blood might really be able to mobilize all the pirates!

• • •

Now, the Invincible Armament Soldier stepped forward, patted Yi Donglai's shoulder, and said with a smile, "We're from Brother Fei's Dragon Knight Merchant Association. You're too elegant, and we find you pleasing to the eye. Can you give us some face and make friends?"

A faint smile appeared on Yi Donglai's face. "I like you too!"

Both of them burst into laughter, leaving Unrivaled Super Hottie speechless.