Chapter 292: Titan'S Grip

Who was Earthshaking Giant Thunder? Earthshaking Giant Cannon was a Dwarf sub account that specialized in forging. Who was Earthshaking Giant Cannon? As soon as the server was opened, Caroline organized a relatively famous player who ran a small fleet. She was the first player to encounter the drifting Red Name Da Fei. In the end, she failed to snatch the ship and was completely wiped out by Da Fei.

In fact, with the organization ability that Earthshaking Cannon possessed, it meant that this person's ability was not bad. Not only was he not bad, but he was also doing very well.

He had a lot of plans. One account would develop ocean commerce in the Elven Kingdom and provide funds for the other account that stayed behind to practice forging in the Dwarf Kingdom. The merchants and blacksmiths were very monotonous, so even if it was a double opening, he could still do it with ease.

Earthshaking Cannon was an outspoken and forthright person. The equipment he forged never returned to the furnace and was instead given to his friends and the armed forces. Hence, he had a lot of good friends. His friends also sent him all kinds of materials that they did not need. He could also call his friends to help him settle all kinds of missions that he could not settle.

One day, a good friend received a hidden quest that required the help of a blacksmith as well as many others. The moment Earthshaking Thunder spoke, all his friends came together. They spent a lot of effort to finally complete the quest and obtained a Blacksmith's Shop management license! This was quite an impressive harvest. With the huge sum of funds from his friends, Earthshaking Thunder successfully opened a Blacksmith's Shop in Dwarf City!

In the entire China server, this was quite an impressive achievement. Even the big guilds hadn’t reached this stage! Opening a Blacksmith Shop would allow one to receive orders from various NPCs for forging, such as NPC armies forging arrows and forging armor. Once the requests came, friends would gather materials and complete the missions as quickly as possible. Then, everyone would split the money and everyone would be happy. As for Mighty Thunder, he was the biggest beneficiary. Every time he completed a request, his reputation would greatly increase and he would receive more high-level orders.

Now, his team had already grown to 50 people. They specialized in crafting equipment day and night and completing requests.

All in all, if it weren't for the time when Da Fei suffered a setback, the start of the Earthshaking Thunderbolt would have been completely smooth sailing. However, it was precisely that time when he suffered a setback that Earthshaking Cannon was always brooding over. In the end, he wasn't really a forthright person. A person who planned meticulously wouldn't usually be forthright. The so-called forthrightness was just a part of his meticulous planning.

As his Reputation increased rapidly, he also had a chance to meet high-level NPCs and receive a super forward quest. The difficulty of this quest had reached an unprecedented Epic level! And since the start of the server, the smooth sailing Giant Thunder’s confidence had also been greatly inflated. He resolutely accepted this huge challenge! His friends also fully supported him.

The background of the mission was roughly 160 years ago. When the Titan Lord heard that the Dwarfs' forging skills were very high-end, he gave the Dwarf Kingdom an order to create the divine weapon, the Titan's Grip, and promised to form a friendly alliance with the Dwarfs once the divine weapon was completed. Of course, the Dwarf King would not let go of this great opportunity. He gathered all the divine blacksmiths in the country to show off their skills in the underground city of Sichuan, Grumbato.

And the dwarves had been developing underground for thousands of years. There was a powerful, cunning, and cruel enemy of the dark elves!

After learning of the Dwarf King's plan, the dark elves naturally would not sit back and watch the dwarves form an alliance with the powerful titans. The Dwarf King was also worried about the dark elves causing trouble and focused on strengthening the defense of the city. However, the Dwarf King clearly underestimated the dark elves' determination. In order to destroy the dwarves' plan, the dark elves and demons joined forces and launched an unprecedented surprise attack that destroyed the divine weapon in the forging process and finally destroyed the Glimbato, the city of sewing.

This was the "Battle of Grumbato" in history. Both sides suffered heavy casualties in this battle. The dark elven tribe, which was already sparsely populated, was defeated and fled to the New World. The Dwarf Kingdom lost 90% of their God-level blacksmiths, and the forging industry suffered heavy losses. What was worse was that in the chaotic battle, the God-level materials used to make God-level weapons were stolen. The Titans were furious. Not only was the reputation of the dwarves badly damaged, but they also had to pay huge financial compensation. Therefore, the only winner of this battle was the demons.

Fortunately, after the desperate battle of the Dwarf Warriors, the remains of the Titan's Grip were preserved. For more than a hundred years, the Dwarfs had been longing to restore the reputation of the Titan's Grip. Unfortunately, technology and materials did not have this condition, so this difficult task was naturally handed over to the players.

Earthshaking Thunder received this epic quest.

In the beginning, the attributes of the Titan's Grip were very trashy. The team of Earthshaking Giant Thunder collected expensive materials everywhere and hired NPC Divine Craftsmen. Step by step, they went through rusting, reforging, and reforging. They repeatedly failed and invested repeatedly. They spent tens of millions of gold coins to restore the Titan's Grip to its current state.

And now, this lightning flashing state was extremely f*cked up!

How was this a scam? This gun was a stun baton with electricity all over it! No one could equip it! They couldn't even touch it!

The NPC Divine Craftsman said, "Titan's Grip is not a weapon meant for mortals. Of course, it is not something that ordinary mortals can touch. It is also not something that ordinary blacksmiths can repair."

In short, the restoration of the Titan's Grip had reached a bottleneck. If he wanted to go deeper, Earthshaking Thundergod had to master this account to a god-level account. Furthermore, the materials needed for the next step were not in the current world at all, and it was not something players of their level could obtain. This was actually a protracted mission! Unfortunately, when he realized that this was a pit, Earthshaking Thundergod's capital chain could not keep up.

Back then, in order to quickly repair this magical equipment, the friends of Mighty Thunder had invested a large amount of gold coins. Even if some of them were willing to wait, it was hard to say for those friends who had ordinary relationships. Once the funds were unable to recover for a long period of time, the consequences could be imagined. Furthermore, the purpose of Mighty Thunder to play the game was to earn money easily. It was not in his interest to invest so much in such an epic quest with high difficulty, risk, and risk.

It looked like accepting an Epic mission was a mistake!

Earthshaking Thunder had no choice but to make a painful decision. He had to give up on this quest! But if he gave up, what would happen to his losses in the early stages? Sell it to the big guilds? However, Earthshaking Thunder knew about the big guilds' despicable nature. Once they found out about the situation, they would ruthlessly kill the price. He would definitely lose all his hard-earned money. If he didn't let them understand the situation, he would be cheating. Earthshaking Thunder would naturally not offend the big guilds.

Hence, just as Earthshaking Thunder was struggling over this God-grade equipment, Da Fei made his grand entrance!

When enemies meet, their eyes will burn with hatred! Why is it that I am developing openly, have many friends, and have a lot of connections, but I am still not comparable to this trash's swindling and stealing? There is no justice in this world! The more Mighty Thunder thought about it, the more indignant he felt. The more he thought about it, the more uncomfortable the thorn in his heart became. This is my enemy, who else can I cheat?

As for the consequences of offending him? Pui! I've already offended him! As long as I can screw him over, I'm a famous person! I can also vent my anger on the players who don't like him. In addition to the publicity from my friends and relatives, I'll definitely have an overwhelming advantage in public opinion. As long as I become famous, I'll have unlimited business opportunities!

All in all, let's do it! Hence, when they found out that Da Fei appeared on the streets of Erolyn, Earthshaking Thunder immediately teleported over.

At this moment, under the provocation of the huge lightning bolt, Da Fei furiously flicked the trading window!

Divine weapon, Lucky Coin!

Shocking Thunder couldn’t help but narrow his eyes! There was a divine artifact! He really did have a divine artifact, and there seemed to be more than one!

Earthshaking Thunder pursed his lips as he suppressed his shock. "How can something with such a huge negative effect be called a divine weapon?"

Da Fei smiled faintly. "You can use this one-man gun of yours and let me take a look at your other good stuff. I might even agree to exchange it. You can also post on the Internet and let the experts appraise it. Anyway, I'm very busy now. Think about it first!" After saying that, he turned around and left.

In his heart, he knew better than anyone else what kind of divine weapon Mighty Thunder had. As long as it was a divine weapon in exchange for a divine weapon, not only would he be able to earn back all his initial investment, but he would also be able to earn a huge profit! What the hell was this! Trick him! I'm going to trick him! When I screw you over, I'll see if you can still be cocky!

Earthshaking Thunder immediately shouted, "Wait!"

Da Fei turned back proudly. "Why? I can't just change it."

Earthshaking Thunder growled, "Add me as a friend! I'll contact you if I need anything."

Dafei said indifferently, "Whatever."

As he watched Da Fei leave proudly, Earthshaking Thunder gritted his teeth in hatred! What the heck! When I screw you over, will you still be so cocky? The problem is, he is very confident in his magical equipment. How can he exchange for it? Why not just sell it for a few million gold coins? Or add in gold coins? For a moment, Earthshaking Thunder fell into a deep dilemma. Why not just do as he said and post it online for the experts to appraise? After all, the experts would not know the location of the huge hole in the gun. The evaluation would definitely not be low. This would also be beneficial for the exchange, right?

Yes, post on the Internet! Once this post is posted, I will be famous! The divine weapon trade, the first in the China server, the first in the world. I have to be famous even if I don't want to! On the basis of being famous, I'll cheat this trash Da Fei and even cause a drama effect. I have to be exciting!

At this moment, at St. Paul's Harbor.

Da Fei went straight to Markal's office in a good mood. It felt so good to teach this arrogant guy a lesson! He was already so arrogant with a single-person weapon, and now he was questioning the strength of the number one amateur in his world. It was ridiculous.

However, to be honest, this gun was really very good. I really wanted this 100 Health Points! This flashy style really matched my image as the number one person in China! And this gun's knockout special skill is very powerful. I wonder if my Godly Luck Skill will work on the chance of the special skill?

All in all, as long as he did not insist on trading, he could afford to spend one to two to three million gold coins to buy it.