Chapter 295: What A Ruthless Npc Vice-President

Although Da Fei was asleep, Earth was still spinning.

In Room 102, on the first floor of the headquarter of the Caroline Chamber of Commerce, a well-dressed Cortner entered the office with a few socialites surrounding him!

— Guild Channel: Baron Heroline Cortner is officially the vice president of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association!

As soon as the message came out, the entire guild channel was in an uproar! Vice President? This is an NPC? Is this really an NPC? The Chamber of Commerce actually sent an NPC to be the Vice President?

And at this time, while driving the new ship, Octopus, towards the mission destination, the high-spirited soldier was drenched in cold water from head to toe! So, Da Fei did not appoint a Vice-President because he wanted an NPC to be the Vice-President? This was Da Fei's arrangement? Then what about me?

— Guild Channel: The guild vice president has officially appointed Spielberg as the leader of the fishery team!

The guild was shocked again! Another NPC! Everyone understood now. Da Fei had taken in the two NPC captains who went out to sea with him! And from the situation during the open beta, it was very difficult to take in NPCs into the guild. It required a very high degree of friendliness! Da Fei had actually taken in two captains of large ships at once. This meant that those two ships had already become the merchant association's ships! Da Fei was really too strong!

The soldier seemed to understand Da Fei's intentions. He only trusted NPCs and did not trust players. This made the soldier very uncomfortable. Although he was the first to enter the guild, as an ordinary member, he could not even see how much reputation, money, or ships the guild had. What was he?

Another guild message followed!

— Guild Channel: All members of the Chamber of Commerce. Hello, everyone! The Dragon Rider Chamber of Commerce is a Chamber of Commerce with a long history. Due to historical reasons, the Chamber of Commerce stopped operations. Now, under the leadership of Mr. Da Fei, the Chamber of Commerce has made a comeback. The Chamber of Commerce needs to raise a large amount of money and reputation in the Chamber of Commerce in a short period of time. Therefore, from today onwards, the Chamber of Commerce will undergo major adjustments. 75% of the profits from the merchants' trade will be used as the Chamber of Commerce's funds. At the same time, the commission from the merchants' contributions will be used as the Chamber of Commerce's investment funds. Every merchant will be a shareholder of the Chamber of Commerce. According to the contribution ratio, the dividends will be divided accordingly. I hope everyone can work together to support our Chamber of Commerce's construction faster, better!

— Guild Channel: Vice President Cortner adjusted the commission of the Chamber of Commerce to 75%!

— Guild Channel: The share dividend function of Vice President Cortner's Chamber of Commerce!

— Guild Channel: Vice President Cortner has issued an extreme assessment target to the guild members!

• • •

When all of the guild members were still feeling curious about the NPC cadre, the other guilds fell silent for a few seconds. When everyone finally understood what it meant, the entire guild exploded!

"Seize 75%! This is too despicable! No guild dared to do this during the open beta!"

"Damn it, the goal of the assessment is to turn in 150,000 yuan within three months!"

"What's the use of these shares! Can the quarterly dividends catch up with my commission?"

"We are at the critical stage of the early stage of development, okay? We need money and rolling profits non-stop. If 70% of the profits are taken away, how are we going to develop? Is the early stage of the Chamber of Commerce more important or the early stage of development more important?"

"President! President, come out and say something!"

"The president isn't online!"

"I'm hot! Hey, Invincible Soldier, come out and say something!"

How could the Invincible Soldier not be shocked on the spot? He made the members of Blood Sea Studio contribute 75% of their profits to the Chamber of Commerce. Ruthless! This NPC was too ruthless! I understand now! I finally understand Da Fei's intentions. It was not convenient for him to do something like offending others, so he pretended to be an NPC. If anyone had any doubts, he would directly say, "NPC did it, it's none of my business" and shirk the responsibility! In other words, although Da Fei seemed to be unscrupulous, he was actually very shrewd. Such a boss would definitely succeed!

Faced with the questioning and clamor in the guild channel, the soldier thought it through and immediately jumped out. "I only have one thing to say. I have confidence in Brother Fei. I have confidence in Brother Fei's guild! I'm done speaking!" Wahaha, who asked you to be Blood Sea Studio's spies? I'll see what you can do.

• • •

At this moment, the chat group of Blood Sea Studio was also in an uproar. Whether it was the Heavenly Bro, Xiao Ma, or Raging Sea of Blood, they were all at a loss. In fact, they had never considered what to do after Da Fei took up a position in Da Fei's guild and became spies. Anyway, as long as they could continue to run businesses and earn money for the studio, that would do. Now that Da Fei's new system was out, Blood Sea Studio could forget about earning money. Not only would they not earn money, they would even become workers for Da Fei. This was absolutely intolerable! Only a fool would do it!

"I'm quitting this fur club!" Raging Sea of Blood lost interest in the undercover game. Then, he said unwillingly, "Then, I'll hack this trash Da Fei's fur to death on the forum!"

Brother Tian said angrily, "Cursing! Cursing in the guild channel now!"

For a moment, the Dragon Cavalry Trading Company channel was once again filled with curses!

"What do you mean by gathering funds! There's no future at all! What's the difference between this and fraud? Da Fei is indeed trash! I'm not staying any longer!"

"What number one player in the China server? The number one amateur player in the world? Ever since I came to this Mao Gang, my ship has sunk three times for no reason. There must be something wrong! In the future, which idiot will join your Mao Gang!"

"That's right. He has to make enemies with his guild's merchants and be hunted down when he goes out to sea. He doesn't feel safe at all!"

Hence,

— Guild Channel: Very regretful, XXx and our Chamber of Commerce are not on good terms and have left the Chamber of Commerce!

— Guild Channel: Very regretful, XXx and our Chamber of Commerce are not on good terms and have left the Chamber of Commerce!

• • •

Therefore, in such a huge guild, almost a hundred members left the guild while cursing. At the same time, various posts such as "The Great Flying Dragon Cavalry Trading Company has released a scammer system, and all the merchants have left", "Da Fei's scammer Mao Club's truth. Players, don't enter!", "I've been running around the Dragon Cavalry Trading Company for more than ten days", and other posts were also being added together. This time, Raging Sea of Blood wanted to use the power of public opinion to completely discredit Da Fei, who had a past record!

Looking at the empty guild list, the soldier felt a mix of emotions. The spies had all left. Good! They should have left long ago! However, wasn't it too unreliable to let the NPCs manage them? After this matter, would Brother Fei put the players in important positions?

Meanwhile, at this time, Yi Donglai also couldn't help but feel inwardly pleased when he saw the great upheaval of the Chamber of Commerce. However, he still said with incomparable resolution, "A bunch of short-sighted idiots. You still want to be a merchant?"

The soldier chuckled. "It's better if you give up your position. They will regret it!"

Eastern Sword smiled and said, "Then we'll think of a way to recruit people for the guild now!"

The soldier nodded. "Okay!"

Yi Jian Donglai laughed in his heart. At this critical juncture, attracting people would only invite more criticism? This was exactly the effect he wanted! Only by resisting the wind would he be able to carry out his crime!

• • •

The earth-shattering thunder was famous!

In just an hour, his post about exchanging weapons had blown up the forums of the China server and had been transferred to the forums of the foreign server. The rich players of the various Chinese guilds in the China server had left messages asking to buy his weapon, but he had rejected all of them! There were even rich players who had offered a shocking 1 million price, but he had rejected all of them!

Earthshaking Thunder knew that he had his own troubles! If it was an ordinary player, they would have cheated him of 1,000,000 and then deleted his account and changed his appearance. It was a pity that his account had the fortune of a Blacksmith Shop. Of course, it was more than 1,000,000. In short, he calmed down and waited to scam Da Fei.

Currently, the experts' evaluation was very beneficial to him. Disregarding its cool appearance, even if it was a personal weapon, its usage value was not inferior to a strategic divine weapon. For example, in a narrow cave terrain that some large armies could not expand or even enter in large numbers, the ancient castle terrain, the jungle terrain, and the powerful individual strength would decide the outcome of the battle alone. And this gun, with 100 huge health points and the paralyzing effect, was worthy of being the dungeon's main hero weapon!

Not to mention that this gun was a mission item. If they completed the mission, they would gain even more benefits. In short, the experts thought highly of it.

The evaluation of Da Fei's Destiny Gold Coin God Tool caused a huge debate. What was the "God of Luck"? What was "Absolute Bad Luck"? This question was too high-end and exceeded the experts' understanding. However, experts were experts. This did not stop them from imagining the truth. Just treat it as if the God of Luck was 100% Luck, and the Absolute Bad Luck was 100% Bad Luck. Was one day of Luck in exchange for 30 days of Bad Luck?

It was worth it! At least on the day of the championship match, it was definitely worth it! Compared to the million US dollars in the championship match, 30 days of bad luck was worth it even if this account was ruined! In one's life, there were only one or two chances to change one's fate!

In short, although there were many negative comments and many doubtful voices, some experts did not believe that such equipment existed in the game at all. However, Big Thunder had completely recognized the value of Da Fei's God Tool. As long as he could get it, he would be able to crazily level up skills in the Blacksmith Shop on that day. That day would definitely be successful! The so-called 30-day misfortune was nothing more than three days in the real world. At most, he would just stay in the square for these three days and play the merchant account without doing anything. If he had the guts, God would strike him down with lightning!

After three days, I'll continue to be the lucky boss. I can't not be rich even if I don't want to! Even if the experts doubt that this God-grade equipment might not be useful at all, Da Fei might feel that it's not good to use it after using it. No matter how bad it is, it can't be worse than this gun of mine.

Anyway, as long as he could get the gun out of here! The problem was, Da Fei was not willing to exchange 1 for 1. What price should I offer? How about I use the money and the gun to exchange for his God-grade Gold Coin? Talk to him? Talk my ass! How could he log off?

As Mighty Thunder was struggling, the forum exploded again. The negative news about Da Fei's Chamber of Commerce came flooding in! Da Fei became famous again! Oh, it's good to be famous. If I follow famous people, my fame will increase too! He's negative, I'm positive. It's obvious when you compare him to me. Da Fei, thank you!