Chapter 293: The Duke'S New Entrustment

Markal's magic study.

It was still the smiling vampire butler. "Sir, please wait a moment. The Duke will be here soon."

Dafei laughed and said, "No rush, no rush!"

Da Fei could be considered to have returned to his hometown in glory. He wondered what rewards he would receive after completing this mission. Although the things he gave were not considered expensive, it was still a small gift.

However, this commission mission was indeed strange. Under normal circumstances, the recipient should have given the reward on the spot. However, not only did the recipient not give the reward, but he did not even know that this commission existed. Did that mean that this was a one-sided mission from Markal?

Without thinking much, a kind laughter came from the hall. Markal, who was wearing a red robe, appeared like Santa Claus. "Congratulations on completing this mission. You have shown your outstanding ability. As a teacher, I'm proud of you."

— System Message: You have completed the [S] class difficulty [Transporting Fire Dragon Island] Chambers of Commerce Mission. You have received + 6 million EXP and + 50,000 gold coins. Your Dragon Knight Merchant Association's Reputation + 50,000. The Dragon Knight Merchant Association's Finance + 50,000. The Merchant Association's recruitment quota + 10.

— System Message: You have successfully completed the first important task. You have completed the first stage of the epic quest "Resurrection of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association", "Difficult Start". You have gained 1,000,000 EXP and have officially received the title of the president of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association!

— The title of the president of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association: Command Power + 100, Tactical Position + 1. Guilds with a long history often possessed convincing credibility. As the level and reputation of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association increased, the president's Command Power would also increase continuously.

— System Message: You have successfully completed Grand Duke Markal's Trial Assessment. You received Skill Book + 5. You received "Primary Voyager Promotion Book" + 1.

— System Message: Congratulations! You have leveled up to Level 38…

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Katerina, has reached Level 37.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero Serbia has reached Level 37.

— System Message: Congratulations! Your sub-hero, Alicia, has reached Level 33.

• • •

Da Fei was so shocked that his eyelids twitched! Da Fei was already used to finding the most valuable information from a bunch of system messages. This time, the most valuable information Da Fei found was "The title of the president of the Dragon Knight Merchant Association"!

This is the first time I’ve heard that a guild leader can actually add Command Power! Isn’t this the same as military rank? No, it’s different. It’s even higher than an ordinary low-end military rank. I even added a tactical position that I urgently need! So this is the benefit of an old NPC Chamber of Commerce. It’s indeed very different from an ordinary Chamber of Commerce! In other words, as long as I don’t fail this epic quest and the Chamber of Commerce doesn’t advance, I’ll have at least 100 Command Power points. Wahahaha, this quest is really worth it!

Then, there was Markal's five Skill Books as a reward. This was quite interesting! It was much more valuable than a direct reward of five Skill Points. This item could be used by players, used by sub-heroes, and sold at the same time. One could imagine how valuable it would be during the open beta when it was difficult to level up in the later stages. As for the Junior Voyager notebook, there was nothing much to say. It was for Katerina to use.

However, compared to the other two rewards, the reward for this commission mission was really unbearable to look at! This was an S-rank mission, alright? Could it be that 50,000 Reputation Points was a very high reward? Alright, the Invincible Soldier had spent nearly 10 days farming Reputation Points to only get 100,000 Reputation Points for the ship. Just take it that 50,000 Reputation Points was very high. However, the Chamber of Commerce currently had a negative 1,000,000 Reputation Points. Even if he was exhausted to death from this trip, he would only get 50,000 Reputation Points. With 50,000 Reputation Points, would it be difficult to turn the loss into a profitable mission? It seemed like it was impossible for him to do the Chamber of Commerce's commission mission alone. He had to activate members. However, it seemed like there were many spies among the members. This was a little troublesome, right? Alright, I'm thinking too much. The Chamber of Commerce doesn't have any commissions at all. I'll have to think of a way to pull in business. Since Duke is the first person to be in charge, I'll continue to excavate business from here.

Da Fei quickly bowed and said, "Thank you for your guidance, Teacher. Is there anything else you need from my Chamber of Commerce?"

The Duke shook his head and smiled. "There's no hurry. Let's talk about your thoughts on this trip to Fire Dragon Island."

Talk about thoughts? Alright, Fire Dragon Island is indeed very strange. I have a lot of questions to ask you, the Death Lord, what do you think? Da Fei said, "Fire Dragon Island has been cut off from the rest of the world for the past few years. There are many unknown forces around. I feel that danger is everywhere."

The Duke stroked his beard and asked, "Did they ask you for help?"

What the heck, this is actually the main event, right? Don't worry, I definitely did not collude with the enemy! Da Fei hurriedly shook his head and said, "I know my strength is weak, so I'm helpless."

The Duke let out a long sigh and said, "I see. Not to mention that you are powerless, even I am powerless."

Dafei said in surprise, "Teacher, what do you mean?"

The Duke said solemnly, "The Dwarf King is getting old, and his death is approaching. The princes are not convinced that each of them has secretly gathered their henchmen to secretly develop their forces. Once there are signs of internal strife in a country, foreign enemies will be born. The reason why the route of Fire Dragon Island has been cut off these few years is both internal and external enemies. Once the situation of the Dwarf Kingdom is unstable, it is possible to cause the entire Guild of Light to be in turmoil. Therefore, I sent you to Fire Dragon Island to test your seafaring ability and also to let you investigate the situation of Fire Dragon Island. Fire Dragon Island is the weakest defense of the Dwarf Kingdom, and it must be the first infiltration of foreign enemies. From the situation of Fire Dragon Island, we can indirectly speculate the current crisis level. As long as the Dwarf Kingdom can stabilize in the open, the Alliance will have more time to deploy and ensure the smooth transition of the Dwarf Kingdom's regime through diplomatic means."

Da Fei was enlightened. So the waters were so deep? What the heck, why didn't you say so earlier? Alright, my status was low back then and I might not be able to get there, and you have precious time to waste talking nonsense with me. It seems like you, the Death Lord, care about the country and the people? Or is everything under control? Even if the Dwarf Kingdom knows where the problem lies, it's already too late to turn back. You can play dirty? Alright, I'll see what kind of strategy you have to seize the island.

Da Fei said, "Teacher, don't worry. I saw the Flame Overlord Ship guarding the island on Fire Dragon Island. Its combat power is very strong. Defending won't be a problem." Hehe, I won't tell you. I even helped them fish up the dragon bones. Their combat power will be even stronger.

The Duke's eyebrows twitched. "Giant ship? Flame Overlord? I see. With the standard of the Fire Dragon Island, there shouldn't be a giant ship like the Flame Overlord. If I'm not wrong, this must have been secretly arranged by the Second Prince, Thunder God's Fist, Eberon for Fire Dragon Island. In other words, Fire Dragon Island is Eberon's territory. This is good. As long as Fire Dragon Island can withstand it, the Alliance will have time."

— System Message: You have obtained information on Eberon from Thunder God's Fist.

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat. Does this mean that I have a good relationship with the island-guarding General Barto, which means that I indirectly have a relationship with the Dwarf Prince? What the heck, helping to fight for the throne is a pain in the ass! However, in this battle for the throne, what is the Duke's position on the surface? It seems like Barto said that he hated the Duke, so the Duke's position is most likely to support Boss? So, the Duke will secretly attack Fire Dragon Island? That must be it. It's too convenient to be a ghost with the Duke's double identity.

Then, what was the purpose of the duke spending such a precious time to talk to me about the situation of the Dwarf Kingdom? I knew that he must be bored to tell me a story!

Da Fei bowed and said, "After listening to Teacher's teachings, I am deeply worried about the Alliance's situation. I also want to contribute to the Alliance and share my worries with Teacher. Please continue to guide me!"

The duke laughed and said, "I'm deeply gratified to have a student like you! However, you're not strong enough now. What you need to do is to continuously do missions to train yourself and improve yourself. Do you want to take on missions entrusted by the Chamber of Commerce? Or do you want to take on personal missions? If the Chamber of Commerce is entrusting you with missions, with your current cursed state, I'm very worried."

F*ck, personal missions are all done by ordinary players. A high-end player like me would definitely accept a merchant guild's request! This is not on the same level, okay!

Da Fei said, "During this trip to the North Sea, students have to withstand the pressure and face difficulties head-on. I believe that after this examination, my ability is enough to deal with all kinds of dangerous situations. Teacher, please rest assured and leave the Chamber of Commerce mission to me!"

The duke nodded in satisfaction. "It's good to have confidence and fighting spirit, but you can't underestimate the Sea God's divine power just because you succeeded once. You must know that the closer you are to the Sea God, the more you will feel your own insignificance. Therefore, I should try my best to avoid the Sea God this time!"

Da Fei was surprised. "Avoid the Sea God?" What the heck, it was great to be able to avoid the Sea God. If he did not know that Markal was a hidden Death Lord, he would really be a good teacher who thought for his students?

The Duke asked solemnly, “I heard that the Royal Spirit Kingdom entrusted the defenses of the Luminous Pool to you? Do you know the environment around the Luminous Pool?”

What? Even Teacher knows that I'm so awesome? Da Fei's eyebrows jumped. "I don't know!"

The duke nodded. "The World Tree is full of divine power. Not only are there many rivers and lakes in the underground space where its roots are, but there are also shattered spaces everywhere. The environment there is very complicated, and even the spirits don't know the specific situation. The demons have indeed used the complex environment there to attack the World Tree, so the spirits can only defend passively. You are now on the defensive line, so you can't be unaware of the surroundings. If you want to serve the alliance, you must first stabilize your foundation, so your mission this time is to draw a map of the area around the Pond of Light!"

— System Message: You have received Duke Markal's [S] class Limitless Chamber of Commerce mission, "Map of the Pond of Light". You have received the item "Mana Map Maker".

— Magic Map Drawer: When you are in a mission scene, this tool will automatically draw the scenery in your vision.

What the heck! Is he really thinking for me wholeheartedly? The problem is, what does this annoying mission have to do with the Dwarfs? No matter how you look at it, it seems like they are sending me away to play?