Chapter 294: Preparations Before The Competition

No matter what, Da Fei had no choice but to take the mission given by the Duke seriously. In fact, ever since the city was built, Da Fei had not stayed in the city for a day. It was indeed because he did not value the city enough. Now that he had enough money, it was time to properly manage the city.

However, he did not have the time to ask the Duke about the Heroes' Heritage before he met him, so he had to get to the bottom of it.

Da Fei hurriedly said, "Thank you for your guidance, Teacher. I will definitely work hard to complete this drawing work. I still have something to ask you."

The duke smiled. “Excuse me.”

Da Fei hurriedly said, "I learned about the Legendary Hero, Gelu, in the Spirit Kingdom. I also learned that Gelu divided his legacy into three parts before he went into seclusion. He handed them to the Spirit, humans, and dwarves for safekeeping. Only the outstanding youths recognized by the three races can obtain the legacy. I really want to compete for this legacy. I hope Teacher can give me some suggestions."

The Duke smiled and listened to Da Fei's statement. He laughed and said, "Not bad, your ambition is indeed high. Gelu was the great hero who saved the Surface World a thousand years ago. His strength is unquestionable. After so many years, he must have reached the Realm of God, right? However, it's not easy to obtain his inheritance. At least, in my opinion, you're not qualified. So, work hard to become stronger. As long as you make a huge contribution to mankind, as your teacher, I will definitely recommend you to the royal family."

Holy f*ck! Important contributions to the human race? Does that mean I have to do the Epic missions on the human side? How long do I have to be a "newbie" and run around naked? No, I have to ask clearly.

Da Fei anxiously said, "Teacher, I heard that only newbies who haven't changed their jobs can inherit Gru's vocation inheritance?"

The duke shook his head in surprise. "Gru's inheritance is the top secret of the alliance, and only the core members of the royal families of the various countries know about it. I can't be sure of the conditions for employment, but what I can be sure of is that newbies can indeed work in any profession without any obstacles, so if you are confident in your current state, you are very firm in your ideals, and you can definitely continue to do so."

— System Message: You have obtained information on the Heroes of Gelu!

I get it now! What he meant was that those who had already changed their jobs could also inherit it, but there would definitely be a price to pay. Just like how my attribute points were halved after my part-time ranger became a sub-occupation? Actually, it made sense. Normal players would change their jobs at Level 10. If they could only watch helplessly after changing their jobs, then what was the point of playing?

Alright! I'm very confident in my current state. I don't lack the 38 attribute points added after changing occupations! I'll continue to accumulate powerful skills!

At this moment, the butler walked forward and said, "Lord Duke, it's time for the reception!"

The duke smiled. “Well, I’ll see you again. I look forward to your good news.”

Dafei bowed and said, "Students send teachers off!"

Now that he had completed the Duke's mission, the trip to the sea was finally completed. Da Fei could not help but let out a long sigh of relief. At the same time, he felt a huge sense of exhaustion after being freed. Come to think of it, he had only slept for less than 30 hours in the 11 days he had been out at sea. How could ordinary people endure this?

However, he still had some things to do. There was still a competition at four in the afternoon, and he had yet to prepare his blood equipment for the competition. Oh right, he had to hand over the money he earned to the city consultants now and let them work on the Teleportation Formation. Once he woke up, he would be done in a few days in the game. Oh right, there was also a God-grade gun? Should he sell this Earthshaking Giant Thunder or not? Should he ask them now? No, no, this was a negotiation of a big deal. Whoever opened their mouth first would lose! However, what if he just carried on like this and delayed the competition?

Da Fei thought about it as he walked. His head started to feel dizzy, and he became more sleepy. In a daze, he teleported all the way back to the Underground City of Light.

The economic consultant stepped forward excitedly and asked, "Mr. City Lord, have you brought the funds?"

Da Fei nodded. "20 million, is that enough?"

The economic consultant was overjoyed. "As expected of the City Lord, you are really amazing. Please rest assured, City Lord, leave the rest to me…"

"Alright! Next… I'll leave it to you." Da Fei was so confused that he could not hear the rest of his words. He was so sleepy that he felt like he was falling over. Da Fei really could not hold on anymore. What the heck! There's one last thing, about the blood equipment competition! I can't fall yet!

Da Fei gritted his teeth and opened his friend list. He clicked on the ID of the Dragon Slayer Guild Leader, Ma Yinglong. What the f*ck! Gray? He's not online? What time is it? Oh, it's not even 6 o'clock! Alright, with my relationship with him, equipment is just a small matter for the Guild Leader.

Da Fei could only say, "I want to sell good stuff to Boss Ma. Boss Ma, please help me find a full-healing competition equipment."

This sentence seemed to have used up Da Fei's last bit of energy. The moment he sent the message, Da Fei could no longer hold on and fell down forcefully. As for what good stuff it was? Of course it was the Life-Steal Scroll from last time.

Of course, Da Fei did not know that there was a trending post on the forum titled "I Want to swap artifacts with Da Fei and ask the experts to help me appraise". It had exploded!

• • •

At 7: 30 in the morning, Ma Yinglong woke up on time, ate, and went to work as usual. As a former professional player, his daily life was very regular, but today, his workplace had exploded into chaos!

"Boss is here. Boss had something big happen last night. Da Fei is back. Someone is going to trade with him for a magical weapon!"

Ma Yinglong was shocked. “What? A divine weapon? Let me see! Give me the link!”

Ma Yinglong hurriedly boarded the plane, but his heart was filled with anxiety! Da Fei, I know you, right? Didn't you say that you would let me know if you had any good stuff to sell? In the end, you really went to exchange for a God-grade equipment with an ignorant person? Aren't you looking down on me too much? I have plenty of tricks up my sleeve when dealing with people who think highly of themselves online. I will let you know how stupid you are!

Once he logged into the game, Ma Yinglong saw his own message flashing. Whether it was as a boss or as a player, it was the habit of most people to check their messages at once. Ma Yinglong was no exception. Among the many messages, Ma Yinglong saw "Da Fei" at first glance!

He left a message! Ma Yinglong was slightly excited. He immediately checked Da Fei's message—"I want to sell good goods to Boss Ma…"

"Wahahaha!" Ma Yinglong could not help but laugh out loud as if a heavy burden had been lifted off his shoulders. In the end, it was still sold to him. This kid could also differentiate between right and wrong, right? He wanted a blood suit, right? Simple, easy! Definitely high-end and classy!

Ma Yinglong immediately issued an order in the guild channel: "All guild officers, pay attention. You must collect all the matches before 12 noon and use your blood to install them here!"