Chapter 299: Let Brother Move Together

"Good afternoon, my dear viewers. It's the afternoon news broadcast of Hero News. There are only four hours left until the International League of Legends begins. All of you must be very concerned about the situation in the China region. Therefore, we have the honor of inviting the president of one of the three major Chinese player guilds, Ninth Heaven, Mr. Huang Zhen, to our livestream room to answer the questions that all of you are most concerned about. Hello, President Huang Zhen. Welcome to our livestream room!"

The God Emperor smiled. "The host is too polite. Hello, everyone! I'm not busy at all!"

The host smiled and said, "It seems like the president of the God-Emperor Dynasty is well-prepared. How many professional teams will be participating in this international competition?"

God Emperor smiled and said, "Success or failure depends on participation. Our guild has 100 people, the Star Guild has 140, and the Dragon Slayer Guild has 60. For foreign countries, there are probably 200 people in the American region, 400 in the Korean region, 300 in the European region, 200 in the Japanese region, 100 in the Russian region, and 150 in the Indian region."

The host said in surprise, "As expected of the guild leader. He even knows the data of the other guilds! Then why are there so few players from the Slaughter Dragon Guild?"

The God Emperor shook his head with a smile and sighed. "It can't be helped. We encountered them during the qualifiers with the Stars Guild. They attacked us from both sides! However, President Ma wouldn't care about such a small matter."

The host smiled and said, "When it comes to pincer attacks, it's still an old topic these few days. The most worrying issue for most of the contestants in the Chinese region who have made the cut is that they will be attacked by foreign contestants. Does the president of Godly Kingdom have any suggestions?"

God Emperor sighed and said, "This problem is indeed quite troublesome. The first round of the International League is also a free-for-all elimination match for the heroes of the world. I can only appeal to the Chinese players to unite and not separate factions. In fact, there are already players who have made it to the next round who have spontaneously started signing autographs on the forums."

The host sighed. "The rules of this competition have always been criticized by the players. It cannot reflect the true standards of the players. Many technical players will inevitably be drowned in the tide of battle."

God Emperor smiled and said, "Indeed, but this is the first large-scale competition in a month after the opening of the game server. There's a lot of celebration involved, so there's no time to filter the competitors of each level through Tian Ti Points Ranking Tournament and so on. However, the more chaotic the battle, the more it reflects the competitor's ability to adapt on the spot and survive through tactical awareness. The overall perception is that even some professional players were eliminated during the qualifying rounds. This reflects their lack of ability in a certain aspect. In short, our guild will pay close attention to the performance of the Chinese qualifying players. Our guild with excellent results will hire them with a high salary!"

The host: "Actually, all the professional teams are treating this competition as a new talent show, right?"

The God Emperor nodded. "That's right. Experts are among the commoners. Even some players with average skills can achieve good results under the suppression of military and equipment. Such players are worthy of being excavated and nurtured by various professional teams."

Host: "Speaking of military strength and equipment suppression, during this period of time, the professional teams of various countries seem to be creating a superhero with the strongest equipment and the strongest troops. Has Ninth Heaven been created too?"

God Emperor smiled and said, "Of course, due to the international situation, we have no choice but to do so. Our guild's superhero is Divine Mist. I believe we will definitely be able to give everyone a surprise in the international competition. As for Star and Dragon Slayer's superheroes, they are a secret of their guild. It's not convenient for me to say it, but I can guess that it's only Uranus and Dragon Tooth. Ah! I'm sorry to say it, but they won't care about such a small matter."

The host smiled and said, "Speaking of equipment suppression, the topic of God-grade equipment suddenly became active on the forum today. Then, does your champion have God-grade equipment?"

God Emperor smiled and said, "There really isn't any God-grade equipment! As for whether the other guilds or foreign guilds have any, I really don't know! However, at least two God-grade equipment have appeared in the China server. I believe that there should still be one or two in the foreign server. For professional teams, this competition is mainly to understand the strength of the opponent. I'm eager to see the God-grade equipment of other teams in the international competition."

The host smiled and said, "From the divine weapon that we've learned on the forum, how much influence does the divine weapon have on the competition?"

The God Emperor laughed and said, "Are you talking about the player Da Fei's God-grade equipment? Ah, I'm scared, I really am! I can imagine that once the God-grade equipment is activated, the competition grounds will definitely be filled with blood and carnage. The foreign players will definitely flee when they see Da Fei's army! Oh right, the host asked me how to deal with the siege of foreign players just now? The answer is here. We can just follow Da Fei."

The host smiled and said, "What you're implying is that the professional players in your guild will fully cooperate with Da Fei?"

The God Emperor smiled and said, "Those who are capable will stay! I only hope that Brother Fei can guide me!"

The host smiled and said, "Just now, the president said that if you meet outstanding amateur players, you will hire them into the guild with a high salary. Then, how much will the president pay to hire Da Fei?"

The God-Emperor sighed. “As much as I’d love to say that our guild is always open to him, he’s the first real guild leader to set up a guild in the game. He’s the real number one guild in the world. Being able to maintain a good partnership with him is my biggest wish right now.”

Host: "By the way, this morning, Da Fei's guild left collectively because the merchants were dissatisfied with the policies set by the NPCs. What does the guild leader think about this?"

The God Emperor sighed. “The NPC’s policy is actually a result of the system’s mainframe’s precise analysis, and then multiplied by the NPC’s intelligent parameters. In short, the NPC’s intelligence is very important. Personally, I don’t recommend using NPCs for administrative management. After all, guilds still have to rely on people as the basis.”

Host: "I see. Then, let's take a look at the information regarding the Korean and European Union areas…"

• • •

At this moment, Ma Yinglong impatiently cut off the television broadcast and scolded angrily, "It wasn't easy for you to show your presence on television last time, how arrogant are you! You still dare to recruit Da Fei? Do you believe that I will slander you behind your back!"

Ma Yinglong spent the entire morning in anxiety and anticipation. The Vampiric Scroll that he traded with Da Fei previously cost 2 million. That 2 million was indeed worth it. Currently, Chang Liang had taken over the Vampiric account "Tyrant Dragon".

The Orc unit was doing high-end missions day and night. Under the precise calculations of the world-class professional players, the Orc unit, which had high attack, defense, and high magic resistance, would become an undying army once it had blood-sucking special skills. In just ten days, the potential created by the Overlord Dragon had reached 10 million!

How many tens of thousands would that God-grade weapon be worth? This question stumped the technicians of the Dragon Slaying Guild because they had no way of calculating. No one knew what the lucky boss and the absolute misfortune were! Absolute misfortune was definitely a scam, but who could guarantee that the lucky boss wouldn't cheat them? Perhaps this item wasn't even worth 500,000! However, if this item could win the championship, it would be at least US $100, but Dragon Slaying definitely couldn't be bought with a million US dollars!

At this moment, there was a ding!

— System Message: Your friend Da Fei is online!

We're finally online. Let's talk about how much it's worth. Ma Yinglong let out a sigh of relief and smiled to himself. Did you know that Xiao Huang pushed you to the frontline in front of the entire country's audience? You got shot even though you were lying down!

• • •

Dafei was woken up by a phone call.

When Da Fei groggily woke up to answer the call, he realized that there were already five or six missed calls. It was Xiao Li! Da Fei could not help but be shocked! With Xiao Li's personality, it was impossible for her to look for him for anything. For her to call continuously like this, perhaps she had met a gangster?

Da Fei woke up in shock. "Xiao Li? What's the matter?"

Xiao Li said in surprise, "I called you several times in the morning, but you didn't pick up?"

When Da Fei heard her calm tone, he could not help but feel relieved. He chuckled and said, "I worked the night shift last night. I slept soundly."

Xiao Li cleared her throat and said, "It's like this. Xiaofang and I wanted to take the postgraduate examination for the last semester. We didn't want to stay in the school dormitory. It was too noisy, so we wanted to rent a house outside the school—"

Examination? Study my ass! Oh, no, no, this is not a problem now. I have money now. You can study however you want. The problem is…

Dafei anxiously said, "It's not safe for female students to rent houses outside school. There are perverts who climb out the windows to steal underwear!" This was definitely not an alarmist talk. This was something that he had done many times in the past. If he stole it, he could sell it for money!

Xiao Li nodded and said, "I know it's not safe, so I want you to move in with me and look after each other!"

Move over to live together? Da Fei's heart trembled. He asked incredulously, "To live in the same room as you guys?"

Xiao Li said angrily, "Brother, what are you thinking! Of course, it's to rent two houses and live in the opposite house! We've already chosen the houses. Don't worry, Qian Xiaofang will pay. Her family is actually very rich. Are you coming? If it affects your work, then forget it."

Da Fei hurriedly nodded. "Come! Come! You have to come! I still have to raise two wolfhounds at your door. No man is allowed to come close. Even if the landlord comes, he will bite off his sausage!"

Xiao Li said unhappily, "Brother, aren't you bored? The landlord is an auntie who stir-fries houses and becomes the landlord. I'll send you the address and text you. Tomorrow, Xiaofang and I will move. Help us move our things!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "Tomorrow, okay, no problem, no problem!" Then, he thought of something and immediately said in a low voice, "Oh right, I'll move the things. I can't trouble you, understand?"

"I know, wait for my call tomorrow! I'll hang up first!"

Da Fei hung up the phone, trembling with excitement! Xiao Li, you must be unwilling to let your best friend in college go their separate ways after graduation and think of a way to make her your sister-in-law, right? Don't worry, I'm no longer the same as before! This sister-in-law who came knocking on my door is definitely mine! Haha, wahahaha!

Wait a minute! Da Fei suddenly thought of something and was shocked. They all live opposite each other. Does my family know that I play games?