Chapter 300: Busy After Going Online

There was a period of time when Da Fei was a little crazy when he played games. His family was very unhappy with him. This was a painful memory to recall. Therefore, even though Da Fei still liked games, he did not dare to show it in front of his family again.

Although Da Fei now had two million yuan in his bank account and could be considered to have made a name for himself in the game, there was still a shadow in his heart. Furthermore, a mere two million yuan was not enough to buy a house and settle down in Shen Dong. His career had yet to succeed, so he still had to work hard. It was best if things like unnecessary arguments and troublesome explanations did not appear. In short, he could not let Xiao Li know that he was playing the game for the time being. However, even if he knew in the end, at least two million yuan was enough for him to hold his head high and be very persuasive. This was equivalent to him carrying bricks for decades?

In short, it was done.

Da Fei stretched himself and opened the window. He looked down at the busy street that he had rented for a few years. He looked at the familiar faces of the busy snack shop owners and could not help but feel reluctant to part with them. Brother, I'm going to move out! I won't be able to eat Boss Wang's braised beef noodles anymore, Boss Li's clay pot rice noodles, and Boss Liu's chives steamed dumplings anymore! Alright, I haven't eaten breakfast yet. Let's have lunch together!

Hm! Wait a minute! Why should I return to my room? A crafty rabbit has three burrows. Now that I have money, I don't need these few thousand yuan rent. I'm buying a machine and putting it in my new room. I'll play games on both ends. This way, Xiao Li will think that I'm working when she sees me leaving early and returning late! Wahahaha, that's right! Although it's a little troublesome to run from both ends, I'll just treat it as training my body. As a professional gamer, I can't stay at home all day and night!

After the plan was settled, Da Fei went downstairs in a good mood and ordered "All three families attack together". Then, he went back home in high spirits and continued to board the plane. The competition was in the afternoon. He had to make sure that the equipment was real. That Earthshaking Thunder, he would not sell it even if he wanted to. If he wanted to show off his God-grade equipment in front of him, he had to get lost.

Da Fei went online and appeared in the City of Light again. At this moment, his friend messages were flashing non-stop! No way, what frequency is this? I don't have many friends.

Da Fei clicked on it and saw a huge wave of guild messages flooding in! Da Fei took a deep breath. Was this the rhythm of the guild closing down? No! The guild didn't collapse! Only when Da Fei saw the guild messages issued by Cortner did he come to his senses. So this was the bold idea he had talked about when he was eating at the restaurant? What the f*ck! What a bold idea! Although they were spies, it was not giving him any face if they all left? What would others think of him?

Then, he saw Unrivaled Soldier, Unrivaled Super Hottie, and a message from Eastern Sword. The message was that Brother Fei and I will definitely support you. We will open up dozens of alternate accounts on the forums and fight to our heart's content with those haters!

Holy f*ck! There was indeed a critic! This was definitely those f*cking spies who took advantage of the situation to tarnish his reputation! Alright, this was the extent of his reputation.

Then, he received a message from his new friend, Jia Li. "Brother Fei, it's alright. All the best!"

Tsk! Keep up the good work! What the f*ck! Ah, wait! It's time to test whether you have black or pink ears!

Da Fei's heart skipped a beat and he replied, "Beauty, those idiots don't know the benefits of my guild. They all ran away. The guild is short of people now. Are you willing to come?"

Hmph, the guild leader of the number one guild in the world and the number one amateur player in the world personally invited you. If you dare to ask what benefits your guild has, then scram and pay your respects! Players are unreliable! Female players are even more unreliable!

At this moment, Da Fei's message rang again. He took a look. Hemorrhoid cream, oh yeah! You must have done something as trivial as equipment, right?

Long Lin smiled and said, “Brother Fei is finally online. I’ve been waiting for you for so long that I can’t even eat my lunch! Oh right, I’ve also prepared the equipment that Brother Fei wants. I’ll give it to him!”

Oh yeah! It's a great comfort to be able to see good news behind a pile of bad news! Da Fei laughed and said, "Boss Ma is too polite. You're too kind. It's great to know Boss Ma. Alright, Boss Ma is busy. Let's settle this quickly. Boss Ma, just give us a price!" Da Fei showed him the Blood Sucking legacy sticker.

At this moment, the message sounded again.

Invincible Soldier: "Brother Fei, you're online. Something happened in the guild last night. We're fighting with the trolls!"

What the heck! I'm not causing trouble! I'm busy with big business! Da Fei replied, "Okay! No problem, no problem! It's just a small matter. You guys go ahead and do what you need to do. I'm busy now."

"Oh, then Brother Fei will be busy."

Then, the message sounded again. It was a shocking thunder!

Earthshaking thunder roared, "Can we exchange divine weapons for divine weapons?"

What the f*ck! I've been waiting for you all morning, and you're saying this? Of course not! Boss Ma has already prepared a set of health equipment for me. Even if I don't say much, I'll still have 100 HP, right? If I recover 100 HP, I'll be able to live above my level. Why would I care about your gun? You're saying that I still have to rely on God-grade equipment to fight for the championship!

Da Fei rejected immediately. "I'm not selling the God-grade equipment before the competition!"

At this moment, a group of consultants from the City of Light came over to report happily. "Mr. City Lord is here! Tell Mr. City Lord a piece of good news. Our Teleportation Array has officially been upgraded to military-grade. We can teleport 500 Command Points per day. Our defense problem has finally been resolved!"

What the heck! Finally, there's another piece of good news. Although there's a limit on the number and CD, and it can't be compared to the teleportation arrays of the Infernal Race, I have the City of Light's natural barrier. 500 troops defending every day is not a problem! Da Fei said happily, "What about the soldiers?"

The military advisor smiled and said, "The Kingdom's garrison needs to be paid by the City Lord. As long as the City Lord is willing, I can apply for it now. However, the situation has not deteriorated yet. I personally suggest that we do not apply for it now!"

Da Fei nodded. "Alright! Let's do that!"

The economic advisor said, "If the City Lord is not satisfied with the transportation of the Teleportation Array, you can continue to spend 10 million gold coins to level up. At the same time, for every 500 Commanders Point troops that are teleported, the Teleportation Array will cost 5000 gold coins. This gold coin is also funded by the City Lord. You must pay attention, City Lord!"

Da Fei laughed and said, "It's just 5,000 gold coins, no problem!"

The economic consultant shook his head and said seriously, "Mr. City Lord, the cost of the teleportation array is city funds, not your private funds. In fact, the operation of the city is all using city funds, and at the current special stage of building the city, we can temporarily use the City Lord's private funds as city funds. Once the city is completed, that won't do. City funds must be obtained through taxation, trade, or war plunder. Therefore, 5,000 gold coins is not a small sum! In short, now that we have solved the defense of population facilities, the next step is trade. We need the City Lord to successfully establish a trade route. Only then will our city be officially completed!"

Da Fei was shocked! So there was one of the city funds! The city funds and the Chamber of Commerce funds were the same. They were both public funds! The construction of the city and Chamber of Commerce had to be done with public funds. The private money of the players was not allowed. Furthermore, neither the Lord or the President could bring up this sum of public funds, and the rich players could not exchange the gold coins they bought from the studio.

Therefore, during the open beta period, there were some rich players who were extremely wealthy. However, due to their lack of gaming ability, the territory they built was in a state of depression. They could only watch helplessly as the territory could not afford to pay their salaries, then riot, and then go bankrupt! That's right, the salary was also from the city's funds. The salary was also the only way for the feudal lord or the president to withdraw the public funds. However, the salary was set by the system as a limit. A City Lord's maximum salary was only 1,000 gold coins per month.

Dafei asked, "Then how do we trade?"

The economic consultant said, "As I said before, selling water! After the purification of the Pool of Light is successful, the water here will be filled with pure and abundant energy of light. The church needs it very much. It would be even better if His Excellency can develop new products here. However, the biggest problem is the transportation cost. If we use the Teleportation Array, one unit is equivalent to 100 servings, costing 1,000 gold coins. It's really too expensive. Such a high cost trade will only make a loss, and it won't increase the city's funds. Therefore, the only way is to continue upgrading the Teleportation Array and reduce the teleportation consumption. This will be a huge investment in the early stages, so His Excellency's task is still very difficult…"

What the heck! He wants to upgrade the Teleportation Array again? This city-building mission is so f*cked up? Da Fei hurriedly said, "Then, can I take the war plunder route?"

The military advisor laughed and said, "That's exactly what I want! However, war plunder must be declared. Only by declaring war in advance can the spoils of war become city funds and city supplies. Otherwise, it will only become the private funds of the feudal lord. Do you have to take note of this?"

Da Fei hurriedly asked, "Then, our goal of declaring war is the Infernal Race in the Pool of Light, right?"

The military advisor nodded. "That's right! However, we don't have enough military power and don't have the ability to launch an attack. Therefore, you still have to wait!"

• • •

When Da Fei and the NPC consultants were busy, the beauty, big boss, and profiteers opposite him were speechless!

What should Xiao Li do in the face of Da Fei's Guild invitation? Xiao Li was working for Xiao Fang's farm. Once she joined Da Fei's Guild, it would be equivalent to paying 75% of the profits to Da Fei? How was that possible! Furthermore, Da Fei's Guild was being criticized on the forum. How bold was Xiao Li and Xiao Fang to join?

When Ma Yinglong realized that Da Fei was selling another Legacy, he did not mention it for a long time! F*ck, I've already taken off my pants, and you're showing me this? Are you kidding me! Last time, this item appeared once, and this time, it appeared again. Does this mean that this item can be repeatedly used? How much is it worth to repeatedly use it? Not to mention that its attributes are not as good as the previous one!

There was no need to talk about the shocking thunder. He was in a dilemma! Could it be that he could only wait until after the competition to make a deal with him? If he relied on the divine artifact to kill everyone in the competition, then the value of the divine artifact would definitely rise with the tide, and it would be even more impossible for him to obtain it? Could it be that he could only cheat him of a few gold coins?

(Happy Lunar New Year, everyone. The ashtray wants to give everyone a New Year's greetings. The wedding month is just in time for the New Year. In addition to the matter of the unit's end of the year, the ashtray is really too busy. I apologize to everyone!)